

### Page 1

CDP-CX355
US Model
Canadian Model
AEP Model
UK Model
E Model
Australian Model
SERVICE MANUAL
COMPACT DISC PLAYER
Sony Corporation
Home Audio Company
Published by Sony Engineering Corporation
9-873-551-01
2002B1600-1
© 2002.02
SPECIFICATIONS
Ver 1.0  2002. 02
Model Name Using Similar Mechanism
NEW
CD Mechanism Type
CDM54-K1BD45
Base Unit Type
BU-K1BD45
Optical Pick-up Type
KSS-213BFN
Compact disc player
Laser
Semiconductor laser (λ = 780 nm)
Emission duration: continuous
Laser output
Max 44.6 µW*
* This output is the value measured at
a distance of 200 mm from the
objective lens surface on the Optical
Pick-up block with 7 mm aperture.
Frequency response
20 Hz to 20 kHz ±0.5 dB
Signal-to-noise ratio
More than 107 dB
Dynamic range
More than 86 dB
Harmonic distortion
Less than 0.009 %
Channel separation
More than 100 dB
Outputs
ANALOG OUT
DIGITAL OUT
(OPTICAL)
General
Where purchased
USA and Canadian
Australia
Load impedance
Over 10 kilohms
Wave length:  660 nm
Maximum
output
level
2 V
(at 50 kilohms)
–18 dBm
Jack
type
Phono
jacks
Optical
output
connector
Power consumptions
Power requirements
120 V AC, 60 Hz
13 W
14 W
13 W
13 W
240 V AC, 50/60 Hz
Europe and Asia
230 V AC, 50/60 Hz
Other countries
Dimensions (approx.)
430  189  493 mm
(w/h/d)
(17 × 
× 
× 
× 
 7 1/2  19 3/8 in.)
incl. projecting parts
Mass (approx.)
8.5 kg (18 lbs 12 oz)
Supplied accessories
Design and specifications are subject to change without notice.
• Audio cord (1)
• Remote commander (remote) (1)
• Size AA (R6) batteries (2)
120 V AC, 50/60 Hz
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 2

2
This appliance is classified as a CLASS 1 LASER product. The
CLASS 1 LASER PRODUCT MARKING is located on the rear
exterior.
The following caution label is located inside the unit.
Laser component in this product is capable
of emitting radiation exceeding the limit for
Class 1.
CAUTION
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures
other than those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation
exposure.
Notes on chip component replacement
• Never reuse a disconnected chip component.
• Notice that the minus side of a tantalum capacitor may be
damaged by heat.
Flexible Circuit Board Repairing
• Keep the temperature of soldering iron around 270˚C
during repairing.
• Do not touch the soldering iron on the same conductor of the
circuit board (within 3 times).
• Be careful not to apply force on the conductor when soldering
or unsoldering.
CDP-CX355
SAFETY-RELATED COMPONENT WARNING!!
COMPONENTS IDENTIFIED BY MARK 0 OR DOTTED LINE WITH
MARK 0 ON THE SCHEMATIC DIAGRAMS AND IN THE PARTS
LIST ARE CRITICAL TO SAFE OPERATION. REPLACE THESE
COMPONENTS WITH SONY PARTS WHOSE PART NUMBERS
APPEAR AS SHOWN IN THIS MANUAL OR IN SUPPLEMENTS
PUBLISHED BY SONY.
ATTENTION AU COMPOSANT AYANT RAPPORT
À LA SÉCURITÉ!
LES COMPOSANTS IDENTIFÉS PAR UNE MARQUE 0 SUR LES
DIAGRAMMES SCHÉMATIQUES ET LA LISTE DES PIÈCES SONT
CRITIQUES POUR LA SÉCURITÉ DE FONCTIONNEMENT. NE
REMPLACER CES COMPOSANTS QUE PAR DES PIÈSES SONY
DONT LES NUMÉROS SONT DONNÉS DANS CE MANUEL OU
DANS LES SUPPÉMENTS PUBLIÉS PAR SONY.
    After correcting the original service problem, perform the
following safety checks before releasing the set to the customer:
Check the antenna terminals, metal trim, “metallized” knobs, screws,
and all other exposed metal parts for AC leakage. Check leakage as
described below.
LEAKAGE
    The AC leakage from any exposed metal part to earth ground and
from all exposed metal parts to any exposed metal part having a
return to chassis, must not exceed 0.5 mA (500 microamperes).
Leakage current can be measured by any one of three methods.
1.
A commercial leakage tester, such as the Simpson 229 or RCA
WT-540A. Follow the manufacturers’ instructions to use these
instruments.
2.
A battery-operated AC milliammeter. The Data Precision 245
digital multimeter is suitable for this job.
3.
Measuring the voltage drop across a resistor by means of a
VOM or battery-operated AC voltmeter. The “limit” indication
is 0.75 V, so analog meters must have an accurate low-voltage
scale. The Simpson 250 and Sanwa SH-63Trd are examples of
a passive VOM that is suitable. Nearly all battery operated
digital multimeters that have a 2V AC range are suitable. (See
Fig. A)
SAFETY  CHECK-OUT
To Exposed Metal 
Parts on Set
0.15 µF
1.5 kΩ
AC
Voltmeter
(0.75 V)
Earth Ground
Fig. A.  Using an AC voltmeter to check AC leakage.
MODEL IDENTIFICATION
— BACK PANEL —
PART NO.
PARTS No.
MODEL
4-238-109-0π
4-238-109-1π
4-238-109-2π
4-238-109-3π
4-238-109-4π
4-238-109-5π
US
Canadian
AEP, UK
Singapore
Australian
E
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 3

3
CDP-CX355
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION 1
SERVICING NOTE
NOTES ON HANDLING THE OPTICAL PICK-UP BLOCK
OR BASE UNIT
The laser diode in the optical pick-up block may suffer electrostatic
break-down because of the potential difference generated by the
charged electrostatic load, etc. on clothing and the human body.
During repair, pay attention to electrostatic break-down and also
use the procedure in the printed matter which is included in the
repain parts.
The flexible board is easily damaged and should be handled with
care.
NOTES ON LASER DIODE EMISSION CHECK
The laser beam on this model is concentrated so as to be focused on
the disc reflective surface by the objective lens in the optical pick-
up block. Therefore, when checking the laser diode emission,
observe from more than 30 cm away from the objective lens.
The emission check enables continuous checking of the S curve.
LASER DIODE AND FOCUS SEARCH OPERATION
CHECK
Carry out the “S curve check” in “CD section adjustment” and check
that the S curve waveform is output three times.
1. SERVICING NOTE·····················································3
2. GENERAL ···································································6
3. DISASSEMBLY ··························································7
3-1. Case··············································································· 8
3-2. Bracket (F. W. ) ····························································· 8
3-3. Front Panel Assy ··························································· 9
3-4. DISP Board, JOG Board, KEYBOARD Board ············ 9
3-5. LED Board, Guide (Door. T) ······································ 10
3-6. Table (300) Assy, Cover (P.T.) ···································· 10
3-7. D. MOTOR Board, Door Motor Assy (M83) ············· 11
3-8. D. SW Board ······························································· 12
3-9. Base (Door, Gear) Assy ·············································· 13
3-10. Pop-up Assy ································································ 13
3-11. D. SENS (OUT)  Board ·············································· 14
3-12. T. SENS Board···························································· 14
3-13. D. SENS (IN)  Board ·················································· 15
3-14. Back Panel Section ····················································· 15
3-15. MAIN Board, JACK Board ········································ 16
3-16. POWER Board ···························································· 16
3-17. Bracket (Top) , BU Assy ············································· 17
3-18. BU Holder Assy ·························································· 17
3-19. BD Board, Optical Device (KSM-213 BFN)·············· 18
3-20. L. SW (A)  Board, L. SW (B)  Board ························· 19
3-21. CDM Assy ·································································· 20
3-22. Motor Assy (Loading) (M82) ,
Motor Assy (Table) (M81) , L. T. MOTOR Board ····· 20
4. SERVICE MODE ···························································· 21
5. TEST MODE ···································································· 25
5-1. ADJ Mode ··································································· 25
5-2. Key and Display Check Mode ···································· 25
6. ADJUSTMENTS ···························································· 26
6-1. Mechanical Adjustments············································· 26
6-2. Electrical Adjustment·················································· 28
7. DIAGRAMS ······································································ 31
7-1. Block Diagrams – BD Section – ································· 32
– MAIN Section – ······················································· 33
7-2. Printed Wiring Board – BD Section – ························ 34
7-3. Schematic Diagram – BD Section – ··························· 35
7-4. Printed Wiring Board – MAIN Section – ··················· 36
7-5. Schematic Diagram – MAIN Section (1/2) – ············· 37
7-6. Schematic Diagram – MAIN Section (2/2) – ············· 38
7-7. Printed Wiring Board – T.SENS Section – ················· 39
7-8. Printed Wiring Board – D.SENS (IN) Section – ········ 39
7-9. Printed Wiring Board – D.SENS (OUT) Section – ···· 39
7-10. Schematic Diagram – SENSOR Section – ················· 39
7-11. Printed Wiring Board – DISPLAY Section – ············· 40
7-12. Schematic Diagram – DISPLAY Section – ················ 41
7-13. Printed Wiring Board – JOG Section –······················· 42
7-14. Schematic Diagram – JOG Section – ························· 43
7-15. Printed Wiring Board – POWER Section – ················ 44
7-16. Schematic Diagram – POWER Section – ··················· 44
7-17. Printed Wiring Board – JACK Section – ···················· 45
7-18. Schematic Diagram – JACK Section ·························· 45
7-19. Printed Wiring Board – SWITCH/MOTOR Section – ··· 46
7-20. Schematic Diagram – SWITCH/MOTOR Section – ····· 46
7-21. IC Pin Functions ························································· 50
8. EXPLODED VIEWS ······················································ 54
8-1. Case Section································································ 54
8-2. Chassis Section 1 ························································ 55
8-3. Chassis Section 2 ························································ 56
8-4. Back Panel Section ····················································· 57
8-5. Front Panel Section ····················································· 58
8-6. Mechanism Section 1 (CDM54-K1BD45)
(Pop-up Assy, Base (Door. Gear) Assy)······················ 59
8-7. Mechanism Section 2 (CDM54-K1BD45) ················· 60
8-8. Mechanism Section 3 (CDM54-K1BD45) ················· 61
8-9. Mechanism Section 4 (CDM54-K1BD45) ················· 62
8-10. Optical Pick-up Section (BU-K1BD45) ····················· 63
9. ELECTRICAL PARTS LIST ······································· 64
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 4

4
CDP-CX355
CD-TEXT TEST DISC
This unit is able to display the TEXT data (character information) written in the CD on its fluorescent indicator tube.
The CD-TEXT TEST DISC (TGCS-313:J-2501-126-A) is used for checking the display.
To check, perform the following procedure.
Checking Method:
1.
Turn ON the power, set the disc on the disc table with the side labeled as “test disc” as the right side, close the front cover, and chuck the
disc.
2.
The following will be displayed on the fluorescent indicator tube. (The display switches each time the  TIME/TEXT  button is pressed.)
Display : CD TEXT TEST DISC (Album Title)
3.
Press the  ·  button and play back the disc.
4.
The following will be displayed on the fluorescent indicator tube. (If nothing is displayed, press the  TIME/TEXT  button.)
Display : 1kHz/0 dB/ L&R
5.
Rotate  ≠ and ±  knob to switch the track. The text data of each track will be displayed.
For details of the displayed contents for each track, refer to “Table 1 : CD-TEXT TEST DISC Text Data Contents” and “Table 2 : CD-
TEXT TEST DISC Recorded Contents and Display”.
Restrictions in CD-TEXT Display
In this unit, some special characters will not be displayed properly. These will be displayed as a space or a character resembling it. For details,
refer to “Table 2 : CD-TEXT DISC Recorded Contents and Display”.
Table 1 : CD-TEXT TEST DISC Text Data Contents (TRACKS No. 1 to 41:Normal Characters)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
TRACK
No.
Displayed Contents
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
TRACK
No.
Displayed Contents
1kHz/0dB/L&R
20Hz/0dB/L&R
40Hz/0dB/L&R
100Hz/0dB/L&R
200Hz/0dB/L&R
500Hz/0dB/L&R
1kHz/0dB/L&R
5kHz/0dB/L&R
7kHz/0dB/L&R
10kHz/0dB/L&R
16kHz/0dB/L&R
18kHz/0dB/L&R
20kHz/0dB/L&R
1kHz/0dB/L&R
1kHz/-1dB/L&R
1kHz/-3dB/L&R
1kHz/-6dB/L&R
1kHz/-10dB/L&R
1kHz/-20dB/L&R
1kHz/-60dB/L&R
1kHz/-80dB/L&R
1kHz/-90dB/L&R
Infinity Zero w/o emphasis//L&R
Infinity Zero with emphasis//L&R
400Hz+7kHz(4:1)/0dB/L&R
400Hz+7kHz(4:1)/-10dB/L&R
19kHz+20kHz(1:1)/0dB/L&R
19kHz+20kHz(1:1)/-10dB/L&R
100Hz/0dB/L*
1kHz/0dB/L*
10kHz/0dB/L*
20kHz/0dB/L*
100Hz/0dB/R*
1kHz/0dB/R*
10kHz/0dB/R*
20kHz/0dB/R*
100Hz  Squer Wave//L&R
1kHz  Squer Wave//L&R
1kHz  w/emphasis/-0.37dB/L&R
5kHz  w/emphasis/-4.53dB/L&R
16kHz  w/emphasis/-9.04dB/L&R
NOTE : The contents of Track No. 1 to 41 are the same as those of the current TEST DISC-their titles are displayed.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 5

5
CDP-CX355
TRACK
No.
Recorded contents
Display
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
X Y Z [ \ ] ^ _ (58····
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
x y z { I } ~
(78····
 i ¢ £ ¤ ¥
§
(A0····   is not displayed
≥
(A8···· C ª
¬PR– are not displayed
µ
• (B0····
• ±
2
3 ¶ are not displayed
†
¿ (B8····
1 º
       are not displayed
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
Φ Ù Ú Û Ü Y
ß (D8····
N All the same
N All the same
o ñ ò ó ô õ ö ÷ (F0····
N All the same
N All the same
N All the same
to
N All the same
′
*
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
to
99
! ” # $ % & ´
(21h to 27h)1kHz 0dB L&R
(  )
+ , – . /
(28h to 2Fh)
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
(30h to 37h)
8 9 : ; < = > ?
(38h to 3Fh)
@A B C D E F G
(40h to 47h)
H I J K L M N O
(48h to 4Fh)
P Q R S T U VW
(50h to 57h)
X Y Z [ ¥ ] ^ _
(58h to 5Fh)
a b c d e f g
(60h to 57h)
h i j k l m n o
(68h to 6Fh)
p q r s t u v w
(70h to 77h)
x y z { I } ~
(78h to 7Fh)
i ¢ £ ¤ ¥
§
(A0h to A7h) 8859-1
≥C ª
¬PR–
(A8h to AFh)
• ±
2
3
µ ¶ •
(B0h to B7h)
†
1 º
¿
(B8h to BFh)
À Á Â Ã Ä ÅÆÇ
(C0h to C7h)
È É Ê Ë Ì Í Î Ï
(C8h to CFh)
D Ñ Ò Ó Ô Õ Ö
(D0h to D7h)
Ø Ù Ú Û Ü Y
ß
(D8h to DFh)
à á â ã ä å æ ç
(E0h to E7h)
è é ê ë ì í î ï
(E8h to FFh)
∂ ñ ò ó ô õ ö ÷
(F0h to F7h)
ø ù ú û ü y
ÿ
(F8h to FFh)
No.66
No.67
  to
No.99
′
1
4
1
2
3
4
′
˙
1
4
1
2
3
4
Table 2: CD-TEXT TEST DISC Recorded Contents and Display
(In this unit, some special characters cannot be displayed. This is no a fault.)
´
˙
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 6

6
CDP-CX355
SECTION 2
GENERAL
3
4 5 6 7 8
9
10
11
12
1
2
15 16 17 18
13
14
23
24
25
26
38
39
19 20 21 22
31 30 29 28 27
36 35 34 33 32
Location of Parts and Controls
1
1/u (power) button
2
STANDBY indicator
3
Display window
4
CONTINUE button
5
SHUFFLE button
6
PROGRAM button
7
REPEAT button
8
TIME/TEXT button
9
Front cover
10 ≠ AMS ±/PUSH ENTER knob and button
11 MENU/NO button
12 +100 button
13 YES button
14 DISC/CHARACTER/PUSH ENTER knob and button
15 EASY PLAY button and indicator
16 MEMO/SEARCH button
17 CHECK button
18 CLEAR button
19 MEGA CONTROL button and indicator
20 X-FADE button
21 NO DELAY button
22 FADER button
23 p (stop)/DISC EJECT button
24 P (pause) button and indicator
25 · (play) button and indicator
26 § OPEN/CLOSE button
27 HIT LIST button and indicator
28 GROUP 4 button and indicator
29 GROUP 3 button and indicator
30 GROUP 2 button and indicator
31 GROUP 1 button and indicator
32 GROUP FILE button
33 GROUP 8 button and indicator
34 GROUP 7 button and indicator
35 GROUP 6 button and indicator
36 GROUP 5 button and indicator
38 KEYBOARD jack
39 TIMER OFF/PLAY switch
* AMS is abbreviation for Automatic Music Sensor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 7

7
CDP-CX355
SECTION 3
DISASSEMBLY
BRACKET (F.W.)
(Page 8)
SET
DISP BOARD,
JOG BOARD,
KEYBOARD BOARD,
(Page 9)
FRONT PANEL ASSY
(Page 9)
CASE
(Page 8)
LED BOARD,
GUIDE (DOOR.T)
(Page 10)
TABLE (300) ASSY,
COVER (P.T.)
(Page 10)
D. MOTOR BOARD,
DOOR MOTOR ASSY (M83)
(Page 11)
BACK PANEL SECTION
(Page 15)
BRACKET (TOP),
BU ASSY
(Page 17)
BD BOARD
OPTICAL DEVICE
(KSM-213BFM)
(Page 18)
MOTOR ASSY (LOADING) (M82),
MOTOR ASSY (TABLE) (M81),
L.T. MOTOR BOARD
(Page 20)
BU HOLDER ASSY
(Page 17)
MAIN BOARD,
JACK BOARD
(Page 16)
L. SW (A) BOARD,
L. SW (B) BOARD
(Page 19)
D. SW BOARD
(Page 12)
POP-UP ASSY
(Page 13)
POWER BOARD
(Page 16)
BASE (DOOR.GEAR) ASSY
(Page 13)
CDM ASSY
(Page 20)
D. SENS (IN) BOARD
(Page 15)
D. SENS (OUT) BOARD
(Page 14)
T. SENS BOARD
(Page 14)
• The parts surrounded by square            are included in the solid line square     
  in the area shown by the dotted line square            .
Note : Disassemble the unit in the order as shown below.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 8

8
CDP-CX355
3-1. Case
1 two screws (CASE 3 TP2)
3 two screws (CASE 3 TP2)
4 two screws (CASE 3 TP2)
5 case
2 three screws (CASE 3 TP2)
3-2. Bracket (F. W. )
3
2 wire (flat type) (21 core)
     (CN501)
1 connector (CN504)
6 bracket (F.W.)
5 two screws
     (+BVTP 3 x 8)
4 screw (+BVTP 3 x 8)
LED board
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 9

9
CDP-CX355
3-3. Front Panel Assy
7 two screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
6 three screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
5 cover (chassis)
4 screw (+BVTP 3 x 8)
3 connector (CN792)
8 remove the claw
9 remove the claw
2
1
q; front panel assy
3-4. DISP Board, JOG Board, KEYBOARD Board
7 remove two soldrings.
3 four screws 
     (+BVTP 2.6 x 8)
5 two screws 
     (+BVTP 2.6 x 8)
6
qd DISP board
9 KEYBOARD
     board
8 bracket (keyboard)
4 bracket main
qh JOG board
qj front panel assy
q; eight screws 
     (+BVTP 2.6 x 8)
qf five screws 
     (B+VTP 2.6 x 8)
qg seven screws 
     (+BVTP 2.6 x 8)
2 knob (AMS)
qs knob (timer)
1 knob (disc)
qa wire (flat type)
     (21 core) (CN701)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 10

10
CDP-CX355
3-5. LED Board, Guide (Door. T)
9 guide (door.T)
3 screw (+BVTP 3 x 8)
4
5
7
1 screw 
 (+BVTP 3 x 16)
2
6 LED board
8 window
     (internal illumination)
Note during re-assembling
When re-assembling,
align the positions
as shown.
3-6. Table (300) Assy, Cover (P.T.)
3 two screws (+BVTP 3x8)
4 cover (front)
6 door (CD)
      assy
8 guide (door.B)
5
7 three screws 
     (+BVTP 3x8)
q; cover (P.T.)
9 two screws
      (+BVTP 3 x 8)
1 table (300) assy
2 two 10 washers
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 11

11
CDP-CX355
3-7. D. MOTOR Board, Door Motor Assy (M83)
1 remove two soldrings.
2 D. motor board
5 door motor assy (M83)
4 belt
3 two screws (+B 2.6 x 3)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 12

12
CDP-CX355
3-8. D. SW Board
5 two screws
     (+BTP 2.6 x 6)
8 D. SW board
7 holder (L-SW)
6 two claws
2 gear (door.cam)
gear (door.cam)
4 gear (door.drive)
1 Move the slider (pop-up) and the lever (cam.pu) fully
     in the direction of the arrow A.
3 When the gear (door.cam) happens to go too deep,
     return it to the original position
     in the direction of the arrow C.
The levers of the two rotary switches on the D. SW board
are shown in the illustration below.
slider (pop-up)
lever (cam.pu)
A
B
C
1 washer
3 washer
Precaution during the gear (door.cam) installation
D. SW board
two rotary switches
2 Install the gear (door.cam) in the direction shown
     in the illustration and rotate it fully
     in the direction of the arrow B.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 13

13
CDP-CX355
3-9. Base (Door. Gear) Assy
3-10. Pop-up Assy
1 step screw
3 pop-up assy
2 screw (+PTPWH 3 x 6)
3 two screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
 2 three screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
4 base (door.gear) assy
1 connector (CN508)
When re-assembling,
align the positions as shown.
Note during re-assembling
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 14

14
CDP-CX355
3-11. D. SENS (OUT)  Board
1 connector (CN83)
2 screw (+BVTP 3 x 6)
3
4 D. SENS (OUT) board
3-12. T. SENS Board
1 connector (CN83)
3 connector (CN81)
4 connector (CN82)
2 four screws (+PTPWH 3 x 6)
5 T. SENS board
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 15

15
CDP-CX355
3-13. D. SENS (IN)  Board
5 D. SENS (IN) board
3 holder (table sensor)
1 two screws (+PTPWH 3 x 6)
2 two claws
4 screw (+PTPWH 3 x 6)
3-14. Back Panel Section
1 connector
     (CN505)
4 connector
     (CN508)
2 connector
     (CN902)
3 connector
     (CN507)
9 connector (CN991)
8 connector (CN901)
7 connector (CN903)
6 connector (CN503)
5 connector (CN509)
qa four screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
q; three screws 
     (+BVTP 3 x 8)
qs back panel section
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 16

16
CDP-CX355
3-15. MAIN Board, JACK Board
1 connector (CN510)
2 connector (CN511)
8 back panel
6 MAIN board
9 JACK board
4 two screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
5
7 three screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
3 two screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
3-16. POWER Board
1 screw 
     (+BVTP 3 x 8)
4 POWER board
2 two screws 
     (+BVTP 3 x 8)
3 four screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 17

17
CDP-CX355
3-17. Bracket (Top) , BU Assy
1 four screws 
     (+BVTP 3 x 8)
2 bracket (top)
3 BU assy
4 8 washer
Note during re-assembling
When re-assembling,
align the positions
as shown.
3-18. BU Holder Assy
1 four screws 
     (PTP WH 2.6 x 8)
2
5 BU holder assy
3 tension spring (F-1)
4 tension spring (F-2)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 18

18
CDP-CX355
3-19. BD Board, Optical Device (KSM-213 BFN)
2 screw (+B 2 x 5)
8 two vibration
     proof rubbers
7 two vibration
     proof rubbers
1 wire (flat type) (23 core)
     (CN101)
5 wire (flat type)
     (16 core) (CN102)
6 BD board
9 optical device
     (KSM-213BFN)
4 remove two
     solderings.
     (spindle)
3 remove two
     solderings.
     (sled)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 19

19
CDP-CX355
3-20. L. SW (A)  Board, L. SW (B)  Board
5 screw 
     (+BVTP 3 x 8) 
1 belt
3 pulley (1)
2 claw
q; screw 
     (+BVTP 3 x 8)
8 screw 
     (BVTP 3x8)
4 rotate the gear (center)
     in the direction of the
     arrow  A fully.
6 rotate the Gear (center)
     in the direction of the
     arrow  B fully.
gear (center)
7 gear (center)
claw 
qs L. SW (B) board
L. SW (B) board
qd L. SW (A) board
L. SW (A) board
9
to L. SW (A) board
to L. SW (B) board
A
B
Note during re-assembling
When re-assembling the L. SW (A) and
L. SW (B) boards,
align the leads position as shown.
Leads position
qa
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 20

20
CDP-CX355
3-21. CDM Assy
1 five screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
2 four screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
3 screw (+PSW 3 x 8)
4 CDM assy
3-22. Motor Assy (Loading) (M82) , Motor Assy (Table) (M81) , L. T. MOTOR Board
1 two belts
2
4 claw
6 remove 
     two solderings.
8 remove
     two solderings.
9 motor assy (table)
     (M81)
7 motor assy (loading)
     (M82)
3 three screws (+BVTP 3 x 8)
q; L.T. MOTOR board
5
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 21

21
CDP-CX355
Remarks
Note 1
Used in adjustment
Note 1
Note 1
SECTION 4
SERVICE MODE
ALL ERASE
This mode is used for clearing information such as the title memo.
Do not execute if information such as the title memo is not to be
erased.
Procedure:
While pressing the  CLEAR  button with the power OFF, press the
1/u   button and turn on the power.
The fluorescent display tube displays “ALL ERASE” and all
memories will be cleared.
AGING MODE
• Mode which repeatedly changes and plays back discs automati-
cally in the unit.
• It will repeat aging as long as no errors occur.
• If an error occurs during aging, it will stop all servos, motors, etc.
instantaneously, display the error number, and stop operations.
However, the stopping conditions differ according to whether the
unit is equipped with the “self-protection function during errors”
described later.
The function serves to maintain the state of the unit when errors
occur.
Mode name
ALL ERASE
AGING MODE
LOARDING AGING MODE
TABLE AGING MODE
DOOR POP UP AGING MODE
TABLE LOTATION MODE
TITLE MEMO SHIFT MODE
MODEL NAME DISPLAY
MICROPROCESSOR VERSION DISPLAY
ALL LIT MODE
MECHANISM ADJUSTMENT MODE
SHIPMENT MODE
TITLE MEMO RECORDING CHECK MODE
Power supply state
OFF
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
ON
Button operation
  CLEAR  +  ?/1
  GROUP 1  +  § OPEN/CLOSE  +  +100
  GROUP 2  +  § OPEN/CLOSE  +  +100
  GROUP 3  +  § OPEN/CLOSE  +  +100
  GROUP 4  +  § OPEN/CLOSE  +  +100
  GROUP 5  +  § OPEN/CLOSE  +  +100
  GROUP 7  +  § OPEN/CLOSE  +  +100
  GROUP 1  +  ·  +  +100
  GROUP 2  +  ·  +  +100
  GROUP 3  +  ·  +  +100
  GROUP 4  +  ·  +  +100
  GROUP 5  +  ·  +  +100
  GROUP 6  +  ·  +  +100
Note 1
Do not execute unless with a proper reason, otherwise the memory of the title memo recorded by the customer will be erased.
The title memo recording check mode is not required for servicing. Do not execute.
SPECIAL FUNCTION
This unit is provided with several service modes.
Details are shown in the following table.
1. Disc change
2. Load in
3. TOC read
4. Access of last track
5. 3 second playback
6. Access of first track
7. 3 second playback
8. Load out
9. FRONT COVER open
10. FRONT COVER close
1. No. 60
2. No. 240
3. No. 180
4. No. 300
5. No. 120
Sequence of Aging Mode
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
Order of Disc Change
 (1 cycle takes 3 minutes)
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
$
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 22

22
CDP-CX355
7.
Press the  ·  button.
8.
The  ·  LED blinks, the aging mode is set, and aging is started.
9.
The aging cycle lasts 3 minutes. If errors occur during aging,
the error number will be displayed on the Fluorescent indicator
tube. (Refer to the following table for the details of the errors.)
10. Aging will be repeated as long as no errors occur.
11. After each aging cycle, the number displayed on the Fluorescent
indicator tube will increase.
12. To end aging, disconnect the power cord from the outlet.
NOTE: As an alternative to steps 2 and 3, press the GROUP 1
button,  §OPEN/CLOSE  button, and  +100  button at the
same time.
Err 01
Err 02
Err 03
Err 04
Err 05
Err 06
Err *1
Err *2
Err *3
Err *4
Err *5
Err *6
Err *7
No disc in the specified slit
Disc in other slits
Table motor current over
No table sensor input
Load in timeover
Load out timeover
Access timeover
High speed search NG
Q data read error
BU operation (from focus search to until signal can be read) timeover
GFS monitor error
Focus cannot be imposed by focus search
Auto focus bias adjustment cannot be performed
Contents
Code number
Name
DISC sensor check 1
DISC sensor check 2
Table operation check 1
Table operation check 2
Loading operation check 1
Loading operation check 2
BU related check 1
BU related check 2
BU related check 3
BU related check 4
BU related check 5
BU related check 6
BU related check 7
Error code
The following * numbers mean according to the state of the unit during aging
*2 : From chucking to end of TOC read
*3 : From end of TOC read to end of last track playback
*4 : From end of last track playback to end of first track playback
Special Aging Mode Functions
The aging mode is provided with the following convenient functions
• Disc setting mode (*1)
• Selection of presence of protection function during error (*2)
• Count function of aging cycle (*3)
*1
Disc setting mode:
5 discs are set before setting the aging mode. This mode makes
the setting of these discs more easy.
*2
Self protection function during errors:
Function which voluntarily corrects errors which occur during
normal operations by retries.
If this function is not provided, all operations will be stopped
without retiring. It is suitable for checking errors with low
reproducibility.
If this function is provided, and errors can be corrected by
retries, aging will be continued without stopping.
*3
Aging cycle count function:
Functions which displays the number of agings carried out on
the Fluorescent indicator tube  in numbers. One aging cycle
consists of five discs.
1DISC
CD1
DISC
120
AGED 10
number of agings
number of disc table
Aging Procedure
1.
Turn ON the power of the unit. Press the  § OPEN/CLOSE
and open the front cover.
2.
Change the  COMMAND MODE  switch (S902) on set to  CD1 .
3.
Press the  AGING START  button of the remote commander
for aging mode (J-2501-123-A).
4.
When the disc set mode is set, the  ·  and  P  LEDs blink.
5.
Rotate the  DISC/CHARACTER  dial. The slits (No. 60, 120,
180, 240, 300) for setting the discs will come forward. Insert
the discs into these slits. Do not set the discs in other slits.
6.
Set whether the self-protection function during errors is
equipped with the unit. Press the  REPEAT  button. If
“REPEAT” is displayed on the Fluorescent indicator tube, it
means the function is provided. If “REPEAT” is not displayed,
it means the function is not provided.
Error Display






1 2 0
E 0 1
#



Aging cycle
number
Error code
Disc number
with error
Disc number
when aging
180



Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 23

23
CDP-CX355
LOADING AGING MODE
• This mode is used for repeating loading operations continuously.
• Aging will be performed continuously unless an error occurs.
• When an error occurs, the error code will be displayed on the
fluorescent indicator tube.
Procedure:
1.
Set a disc in the DISC 1 slit.
2.
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 2  button and
§ OPEN/CLOSE  button, press the  +100  button.
3.
When the mode is set, both the  ·   and  P   indicators will
start to blink.
4.
When the  ·   button is pressed, only the  ·   indicator will
blink and aging starts.
5.
To end the mode, press the  1/u   button or disconnect the
power cord from the outlet.
The error codes displayed during operations and when errors occur
are the same as the “AGING MODE” described earlier.
TABLE AGING MODE
• This mode is used for rotating the table randomly.
• Aging will be performed continuously unless an error occurs.
• When an error occurs, the error code will be displayed on the
fluorescent indicator tube.
Procedure:
1.
Set discs in slits 1, 2, 99, 100, and 200.
2.
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 3  button and
§ OPEN/CLOSE  button, press the  +100  button.
3.
When the mode is set, both the  ·   and  P   indicators will
start to blink.
4.
When the  ·   button is pressed, only the  ·   indicator will
blink and aging starts.
5.
To end the mode, press the  1/u   button or disconnect the
power cord from the outlet.
During aging, operations will be carried out sequentially in the order
of No. 1, No. 2, No. 100, No. 99, and No. 200 slits.
The error codes displayed during operations and when errors occur
are the same as the “AGING MODE” described earlier.
DOOR POP UP AGING MODE
• This mode is used for performing aging of the CD pop up part
and door open/close.
It is used for checking if operations are performed normally.
Method:
1.
To select a slot to be aged, press the § OPEN/CLOSE  button
and rotate the  DISC/CHARACTER  knob with the front door
opened to select a number.
2.
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 4  button and
§ OPEN/CLOSE  button, press the  +100  button.
3.
When the  ·  button is pressed, aging starts, and door open/
close and up/down operations of the pop up part are performed
continuously.
4.
To end the mode, press the  1/u  button.
If DISC is not selected at step 1, aging will be performed at the 192
slot.
The number of times aging is performed will be displayed on the
fluorescent indicator tube during operations.
TABLE ROTATION MODE
• This mode is used for electrical adjustments. Refer to the section
on Electrical Adjustments.
TITLE MEMO SHIFT MODE
• This mode is used for writing title memo information recorded in
this unit in a different unit.
Use it for transferring disc memo contents written by the cus-
tomer to the new units when replacing the unit, etc.
Connection:
Procedure:
1.
Connect two units using the  CONTROL A1 II  connection
cord shown in the figure.
2.
Set the  COMMAND MODE  switch of the copy source unit to
CD3  and the  COMMAND MODE  switch of the copy
destination unit to  CD1 .
3.
With the power on, while pressing the  GROUP 7  button and
§ OPEN/CLOSE  button of the copy destination unit, press
the  +100  button.
4.
When the data has been transferred, the fluorescent indicator
tube displays “complete” for about 1 second.
MODEL NAME DISPLAY
• Model names can be displayed on the fluorescent indicator tube
for checking the microprocessor model setting, etc.
Procedure:
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 1  and · buttons,
press the  +100  button.
The model name is displayed on the fluorescent indicator tube.
MICROPROCESSOR VERSION DISPLAY
• The microprocessor version can be displayed on the fluorescent
indicator tube.
Procedure:
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 2  and · buttons,
press the  +100  button.
The microprocessor version is displayed on the fluorescent indicator
tube.
ALL LIT MODE
• This mode is used for lighting the whole fluorescent indicator
tubes and LEDs.
Procedure:
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 3  and · buttons,
press the  +100  button.
Both the fluorescent indicator tubes and LEDs will light up
completely.
To end this mode, press the  1/u  mode.
CONTROL A1 II connection cord provided
Flow of data
This unit
(Copy source)
Another unit
(Copy destination)
COMMAND MODE: CD3
COMMAND MODE: CD1
CONTROL A1 II
$
$
$
$
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 24

24
CDP-CX355
MECHANISM ADJUSTMENT MODE
• This mode is used for mechanism adjustments. Refer to the sec-
tion on Mechanism Adjustments.
SHIPMENT MODE
• This mode is used for setting the unit to the shipment state.
Do not execute it without a proper reason as it erases the memory
of the title memo recorded by the customer.
Procedure:
Set the  COMMAND MODE  switch to  CD1  and the  TIMER
switch to OFF. Next, with the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP
5  button and · button, press the  +100  button. If the switch state
is normal, the model name will be displayed on the fluorescent
indicator tube and the unit will set into the shipment mode.
If the various switches are not set to their designated positions, error
codes will be displayed on the fluorescent indicator tube.
TITLE MEMO RECORDING CHECK MODE
This mode is not required for servicing. Do not execute without a
proper reason.
If executed, the memory of the title memo recorded by the customer
will be erased.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 25

25
CDP-CX355
SECTION 5
TEST MODE
5-1. ADJ Mode
1.
Turn ON the power of the unit, set disc to disc table, and perform
chucking.
2.
Disconnect the power supply plug from the outlet.
3.
To set ADJ mode, connect the test point (ADJ) of the MAIN
board to Ground, and connect the power supply plug to the
outlet.
In this mode, table rotation and loading operations are not performed
because it is taken that the disc has already been chucked.
Note: The same operations are also performed in the following when
the test point (ADJ) is connected to Ground after turning on
the power.
• Direct search (movement of sledding motor) is not performed dur-
ing accessing
• Ignored even when GFS becomes L
• Ignored even when the Q data cannot be read
• Focus gain does not decrease
ADJ Mode Special Functions Table
(The buttons shown with (  ) function by using the sup-
plied remote commander only)
5-2. Key and Display Check Mode
To set this mode, connect the test point (AFADJ) on the MAIN
board to Ground, and connect the power supply plug to the outlet.
Note: When this mode is executed, all title memos recorded will be
erased.
• When this button is pressed, “line # No. #” will be displayed.
However, these will not be displayed for the following special
buttons. However, these will not be displayed for the following
special buttons.
 p  (stop) button:
FL segment check
(Refer to FL Tube Check Patterns)
 P  (pause) button: FL grid check
(Refer to FL Tube Check Patterns)
The  P  LED also light up simultaneously.
 ·  (play) button: All FL segment and grid will light up.
All LEDs also light up simultaneously.
TIMER switch:
When the switch position is  PLAY , the
STANDBY  LED light up. It goes off when
set to OFF.
Each time this button is pressed, the value of the “Got ## keys”
increases. Buttons pressed once will not be counted when pressed
again.
FL Tube Check Patterns
Segment check
A    B    C    D    E    F    G
• When the jog dial is rotated to the right, the GROUP LEDs light
up in the order of 1n2..8nHIT LISTnEASY PLAYnMEGA
CONTROLn1.
• When the jog dial is rotated to the left, the GROUP LEDs light up
in the order of 8n 7..1n MEGA CONTROLn EASY
PLAYnHIT LISTn8.
• Abbreviation
  FL: Fluorescent Indicator Tube
[ MAIN BOARD ] – Cnductor Side –
Grid check
Button
CONTINUE
SHUFFLE
PROGRAM
GROUP 3 (3)
GROUP 8 (8)
CHECK
Function
Servo average display
Displays VC, FE, RF, TE and traverse in hexadecimal
numbers
Focus bias display
Each time this is pressed, the focus bias is switched
between (1) and (2)
(1)
Bias actually set     Optimum bias     Minimum jitter
(2)
U:Upper aliasing bias     L:Lower aliasing bias
Auto gain display
Displays focus, tracking, sledding in hexadecimal
numbers
Turns off the tracking and sledding servo
Turns on the tracking and sledding servo
S-curve observation mode.
(Exits this mode when the  1/u  button is pressed.)
Magnified
TP (AFADJ)
TP (ADJ)
IC504
IC501
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 26

26
CDP-CX355
SECTION 6
ADJUSTMENTS
6-1. Mechanical Adjustments
Pop Up Mechanism Adjustment
1.
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 4  and ·
buttons, press the  +100  button to enter the mechanism
adjustment mode.
2.
Press the  GROUP 1  button to operate the loading mechanism,
and continue pressing until the disc table locks. (Fig-1)
3.
Press the  GROUP 2  button to raise the pop up part.
4.
Remove the cover (chassis), loosen the adjusting screw, move
the screwdriver left and right until the lever (POP UP) does not
touch the slit wall, and secure the screw. (Fig-2)
The following buttons have special functions in this mode.
 GROUP 1  button: Loading mechanism IN operation
 GROUP 5  button: Loading mechanism OUT operation
 GROUP 2  button: Pop up part UP operation
 GROUP 6  button: Pop up part DOWN operation
Lever (pop up)
Fix to the center so that the
lever (POP UP) does not
touch the slit.
Cover (chassis)
FIg-1
FIg-2
GROUP1
GROUP2
GROUP4
At this position,this 
part will be locked.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 27

27
CDP-CX355
GROUP1
GROUP4
PAUSE button
PLAY button
Fixed screws
Swing
Holder (table sensor)
Table assembly
At this position,this 
part will be locked.
Sensor Adjustment
1.
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 4  and ·
buttons, press the  +100  button to enter the mechanism
adjustment mode.
2.
Press the  GROUP 1  button to operate the loading mechanism,
and continue pressing until the disc table locks. (Fig-3)
3.
Loosen the fixing screw, move the holder (TABLE SENSOR)
slightly, and when the LED (green) of the  PLAY  button
switches to the LED (orange) of the  PAUSE  button (or vice
versa), secure the holder (TABLE SENSOR). (Fig-4)
4.
Moving the disc table right and left with a hand after the screw
is fixed, the table will move by the play of a disc table. If the
LEDs light up alternately, the adjustment will be performed
correctly. (Fig-4)
FIg-3
FIg-4
PLAY indicator
Linked with · indicator
Linked with P indicator
PAUSE indicator
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 28

28
CDP-CX355
6-2. Electrical Adjustment
Note:
1.
CD Block is basically designed to operate without adjustment.
Therefore, check each item in order given.
2.
Use YEDS-18 disc (3-702-101-01) unless otherwise indicated.
3.
Use an oscilloscope with more than 10MΩ impedance.
4.
Clean the object lens by an applicator with neutral detergent
when the signal level is low than specified value with the
following checks.
S-Curve Check
Procedure :
1.
Chuck the disc (YEDS-18) beforehand, and disconnect the
power cord from the outlet.
2.
Connect oscilloscope to test point TP (FE1) on BD board.
3.
Connect test point TP (ADJ) on MAIN board to ground with
lead wire.
4.
The ADJ mode is set when the power cord is inserted into the
outlet and power is supplied.
5.
The fifth track is played automatically.
6.
Press the  CHECK  button.
7.
Check the oscilloscope waveform (S-curve) is symmetrical
between A and B. And confirm peak to peak level within 3±1
Vp-p.
S-curve waveform
8.
Pressing the  1/u  button stops the output of the waveform (s
curve).
9.
After check, remove the lead wire connected in step 3.
Note : • Try to measure several times to make sure than the ratio of
A : B or B : A is more than 10 : 7.
• Take sweep time as long as possible and light up the
brightness to obtain best waveform.
Adjustment Location: BD board (See page 30)
RF Level Check
Note: A clear RF signal waveform means that the shape “◊” can be
clearly distinguished at the center of the waveform.
RF signal waveform
Adjustment Location: BD board (See page 30)
E-F Balance Check
Procedure :
1.
Chuck the disc (YEDS-18) beforehand, and disconnect the
power cord from the outlet.
2.
Connect oscilloscpe to test point TP (TE1) on BD board.
3.
Connect test point TP (ADJ) on MAIN board to ground with
lead wire.
4.
The ADJ mode is set when the power cord is inserted into the
outlet and power is supplied.
5.
The fifth track is played automatically.
6.
Press the  GROUP 3  button. (The tracking servo and the
sledding servo are turned OFF.) “ TRK Off ” is displayed.
7.
Check the level B of the oscilliscope's waveform and the A
(DC voltage) of the center of the Traverse waveform.
Confirm the following :
A/B x 100 = less than ± 22%
Traverse waveform
8.
Press the  GROUP 8  button. (The tracking servo and sledding
servo are turned ON.) “ TRK On ” is displayed. Confirm the C
(DC voltage) is almost equal to the A (DC voltage) is step 7.
Traverse waveform
Procedure :
1.
Connect oscilloscope to test point TP (RFAC) on BD board.
2.
Turn Power switch on.
3.
Put disc (YEDS-18) in to play the number five track.
4.
Confirm that oscilloscope waveform is clear and check RF
signal level is correct or not.
oscilloscope
BD board
TP (FE1)
TP (VC)
symmetry
A
B
Within 3 ± 1 Vp-p
VOLT/DIV : 1V
TIME/DIV : 400 µs
oscilloscope
BD board
TP (RFAC)
TP (VC)
VOLT/DIV : 500mV
TIME/DIV : 1 µs
level : 1.2         Vp-p
+0.25
–0.20
oscilloscope
BD board
TP (TE1)
TP (VC)
0V
level : 1.3 ± 0.6 mVp-p
A (DC voltage)
Center of the waveform
B
0V
C (DC 
voltage)
Tracking servo
Sledding servo
        OFF
Tracking servo
Sledding servo
        ON
9.
After check, disconnect the lead wire of TP (ADJ) connected
in step 3.
Adjustment Location: MAIN board (See page 30)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 29

29
CDP-CX355
1.
Connect the oscilloscope to Pins 1, 2, and 3 of CN506 of
the MAIN board.
2.
Check that no discs are loaded in the unit.
3.
With the power ON, while pressing the  GROUP 5  and
§ OPEN/CLOSE  buttons, press the  +100  button. The disc
table starts to rotate in the clockwise direction.
4.
Loosen the fixing screw, move the mounting board (SENSOR),
and secure the mounting board (SENSOR) at the point the H
portion of the P.T waveform comes the center of the H portion
of the D.S waveform.
Disc Sensor Adjustment
Be sure to perform this adjustment after sensor adjustment in
MECHANICAL ADJUSTMENT.
Connection:
Waveform:
5.
Rotate the  DISC/CHARACTER  knob in the counterclockwise
direction and the disc table starts to rotate in the same direction.
Check that the waveform at this time is the same as that in step
4. If larger by a considerable extent, rotate the  DISC/
CHARACTER  knob in the clockwise direction and the disc
table starts to rotate in the same direction. Repeat from step 4.
6.
Rotate RV501 of the MAIN board and adjust so that the H and
L portions of the D.S waveform become the same.
Fixing screw
Mounting board (SENSOR)
D.S: Pin 1
GND: Pin 2
T.P: Pin 3
oscilloscope
CH1
CH2
D.S
GND
T.P
MAIN board
CN506
D.S
P.T
D.S
P.T
Should be at the center
D.S
Adjust so that these widths
become the same.
Adjustment Location: MAIN board (See page 30)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 30

30
CDP-CX355
Adjustment Location :
[ BD BOARD ] – Conductor Side –
TP
(RFAC)
TP (TE1)
TP (FE1)
TP (VC)
IC131
IC101
[ MAIN BOARD ]
– Conductor Side –
– Component Side –
RV501
DISC SENSOR 
ADJUSTMENT
1
3
CN506
TP (AFADJ)
TP (ADJ)
IC504
IC501
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 31

31
31
CDP-CX355
• Waveform
For schematic diagrams.
Note:
• All capacitors are in µF unless otherwise noted. p : pF. 50
WV or less are not indicated except for electrolytics and
tantalums.
• All resistors are in Ω and 1/4 W or less unless otherwise
specified.
•
f
: internal component.
• C : panel designation.
• A : B+ Line.
• B : B– Line.
• H : adjustment for repair.
• Voltages and waveforms are dc with respect to ground
under no-signal (detuned) conditions.
No mark : STOP
• Voltages are taken with a VOM (Input impedance 10 MΩ).
Voltage variations may be noted due to normal produc-
tion tolerances.
• Waveforms are taken with a oscilloscope.
Voltage variations may be noted due to normal produc-
tion tolerances.
• Circled numbers refer to waveforms.
• Signal path.
J
: CD
c
: digital
For printed wiring boards.
Note:
• X : parts extracted from the component side.
• Y : parts extracted from the conductor side.
•
a
: Through hole.
•
: Pattern from the side which enables seeing.
(The other layers' patterns are not indicated.)
• Indication of transistor
THIS NOTE IS COMMON FOR PRINTED WIRING
BOARDS AND SCHEMATIC DIAGRAMS.
(In addition to this necessary note is printed in
each block.)
Note:
The components identified by
mark 0 or dotted line with mark
0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number
specified.
Note:
Les composants identifiés par
une marque 0 sont critiques
pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une
pièce portant le numéro spécifié.
C E
B
These are omitted.
5.9Vp-p
1.3Vp-p
1 IC101 yj XTAO
1V/DIV, 20ns/DIV
500mV/DIV, 1µs/DIV
200mV/DIV, 20ms/DIV
200mV/DIV, 4ms/DIV
1V/DIV, 4µs/DIV
1V/DIV, 40ns/DIV
2 IC101 ta (RFAC)
3 IC101 ra TE
4 IC101 el FE
2.4 Vp-p
5 IC101 wh MDP
5.9 Vp-p
6 IC501 qs X'TAL OSC1
59ns
7.5 µs
100ns
(PLAY)
2.5V
APPROX 500mVp-p (PLAY)
2.5V
APPROX 200m Vp-p (PLAY)
• Circuit Board Location
SECTION 7
DIAGRAMS
MAIN board
POWER board
JACK board
LED board
D. SENS (OUT) board
D. MOTOR board
JOG board
D. SW board
D. SENS (IN) board
T. SENS board
DISP board
KEYBOARD board
L. SW (A) board
L. SW (B) board
L.T. MOTOR board
BD board
C
B
These are omitted.
E
Q
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 32

32
32
CDP-CX355
7-1.
Block Diagrams – BD Section –
• R-CH is omitted due to same as L-CH.
• Signal Path
: CD
: CD DIGITAL
2
1
6
7
8
9
10
11
15
12
RF
SUMMING
AMP
RF EQ
AMP
16
18
27
FOCUS
ERROR
AMP
TRACKING
ERROR
AMP
48
51
49
43
41
38
42
40
39
14
66
67
30
27
31
ASYMMETRY
CORRECTION
ERROR
CORRECTION
DIGITAL
CLV
MIRR
DFCT
FOK
DETECTOR
72
75
20
4
80
79
5
6
7
8
60
3
32
33
26
29
28
LPF
Q132
BUFFER
LPF
LPF
28
6
7
11
12
22
23
5
4
26
24
20
18
17
13
14
16
15
M
M
E
PD1
PD2
F
9
3
LOUT
R-CH
R-CH
LMUTE
DATA  
CLOK
SQSO
SQCK
XLAT
AMUTE
SENS
SCOR
MAIN
SECTION
XRST
AGC
OPTICAL PICK-UP
BLOCK (KSM-213BFN)
LASER
DIODE
PD
LD
LD
POWER
DETECTOR
TRACKING
COIL
FOCUS
COIL
SLED
MOTOR
SPINDLE
MOTOR
IC150
FOCUS/TRACKING COIL DRIVE,
SPINDLE/SLED MOTOR DRIVE
T+
T–
F–
F+
VC
S101
LIMIT
MUTE
Q131
LD
DRIVE
APC LD
AMP
IC131
RF AMP
VC
BUFFER
14
DVC
BUFFER
TIMING
LOGIC
VC
VC
TE
FE
SW
RFDCO
DVC
VC
ASYO
RFAC
ASYI
RFDC
XTAI
XLON
XTAO
TE
CE
VC
SE
FE
TFDR
TRDR
FFDR
FRDR
SRDR
SFDR
MDP
SSTP
A/D
CONVERTER
DIGITAL
PLL
DIGITAL
OUT
16K
RAM
CPU
INTERFACE
SERVO
INTERFACE
SERVO
AUTO
SEQUENCER
FOK
DFCT
MIRR
SERVO DSP
FOCUS
SERVO
TRACKING
SERVO
SLED
SERVO
PWM
GENERATOR
TRACKING
PWM
GENERATOR
FOCUS
PWM
GENERATOR
SLED
PWM
GENERATOR
SCLK
XRST
SENS
CLOK
XLAT
DATA
2
SQSO
SQCK
SCOR
SENS
XLAT
SQSO
SQCK
SCOR
LMUT
RMUT
SYSM
AMUTE
LOUT1
LOUT2
DOUT
DIGITAL
OUT
OPTICAL
IC901
A
INTERNAL BUS
IC101
DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSOR
X191
16.9MHz
EFM
DEMODULATOR
D/A
INTERFACE
SERIAL
IN
INTERFACE
3rd ORDER
NOISE
SHAPER
PWM
OVER
SAMPLING
DIGITAL
FILTER
1
SUBCODE
PROCESSOR
PD
LD
A
B
C
D
F
E
RFDC
AMP
RW/ROM
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 33

33
33
CDP-CX355
– MAIN Section –
• R-CH is omitted due to same as L-CH.
• Signal Path
          : CD
44
42
12
13
45
2
30
41
43
47
46
39
52
94
6
93
96
97
7
3
4
91
92
33
19
31
36
34
35
78
62
20
27
88
9
Q81, D81
DISC
SENSOR
JOG
DIAL
JOG
DIAL
DISC/
CHARACTER
1
•
3
63
•
65
60 - 46
32 - 41,30 - 6,31
40 - 54
5 - 39, 4
45
55
62
29
87
26
20
22
23
21
63
61
60
56
Q701
BUFFER
1
4
8
7
6
RECTIFIER
Q940
–30V REG
8
2
LOADING
MOTOR
DRIVE
DOOR
MOTOR
DRIVE
CONTROL A1 II
 DATA
 SCOR
 SCOR
 SENS
 AMUTE
 XLAT
 SQCK
 SENS
 AMUTE
 XLAT
SQCK
 CLOK
 LMUTE
 LOUT
SQSO
SQSO
XRST
XRST
AGC
BD
SECTION
A
7
6
5
1
3
2
2
3
IC302(1/2)
BUFFER
IC401
AMP
IC302(2/2)
MIX AMP
J903
CLK
DATA
SENS
SCOR
AMUTE
XLT
SQCK
SUBQ
LDIN
LDOUT
DOOROUT
DOORIN
98
99 TBLL
TBLR
T1
T2
T3
AGC
OSC1
40
SMUTE
OSC2
DOORSW
INSW
OUTSW
D.SENS
X501
10MHz
SW83, 84
DOOR
DET
S81
LOADING
DET
+5V
1        2        3
CD
COMMAND MODE
IC501
SYSTEM CONTROLLER
IC703
REMOTE
CONTROL RECEIVER
KBDOUT
KBCOUT
KBDIN
KBCIN
RESET
J821
KEY BOARD
CS
ICSW
WE
D0
D7
A0
A14
FL DATA
FL CLK
FLLT
LEDLT
RM IN
BUS OUT
BUS IN
RM
DATA
DATA
CLK
RST
LT
IC702
LED DRIVER
CLK
Q950
BUS
BUFFER
J901, 902
VFL
SEG01     SEG35,AD1
DIG01     DIG15
DIG16
VFL
IC701
FL DRIVER
SCK
CLK
DATA
CLK
DATA
DA
CS
RESET
F1
 F1
1G-15G
P1-P36
16G
F2
F2
FL701 FLUORESCENT INDICATOR TUBE
Q521
IC504
S-RAM
CE
WE
–VCC
FL701
D942
VFL
T902
POWER
TRANSFORMER
CNP901
AC IN
IC81
IC506
MOTOR DRIVE
M81
LOADING
MOTOR
M83
DOOR
MOTOR
M82
TABLE
MOTOR
D940
LINE
FILTER
L901
1
M
M
M
L
ANALOG OUT
L
R
R
2ND CD IN
16 - 24
Q570, 571
SWITCH
4
6
8
TABLE
MOTOR
DRIVE
IC505
MOTOR DRIVE
2
24
RESET OUT
IC82
IC83
28 T4
IC84
≠ AMS
±
S82
LOADING
90
SW
89
CD 2
CD 3
F2
F1
D910-913
RECT
+5V REG
IC910
VCC
D802-D806
INSIDE
ILLUMINATION
D0
D7
A0
A14
48
LED3
49
50
LED2
LED1
18
AC IN
ACIN
ICSW (RELAY ON/OFF)
D920-923
RECT
+7V REG
IC920
+5V REG
IC921
VCC
IC931
+5.2V REG, RESET
8
1
RST
3 Vo
Vin
+5V REG
IC930
Q930
RELAY
DRIVE
D932-935
RECT
D930, 931
RECTIFIER
ACIN
T901
POWER
TRANSFORMER
D710
STANDBY
25
STANDBY-LED
Q576
SWITCH
Q324
MUTE
Q322,323
MUTE
Q321
MUTE
Q325-329
MUTE
CONTROL
SWITCH
Q572-574
LED
DRIVE
TABLE POSITION SENSOR 1
TABLE POSITION SENSOR 2
TABLE POSITION SENSOR 3
TABLE POSITION SENSOR 4
Q550-552
MOTOR
DRIVE SW
Q560-562
MOTOR
DRIVE SW
D701-709
GROUP 1-8
HIT LIST
12
15
LED
DRIVE
D711-716
·
P
MEGA CONTROL
EASY PLAY
27
32
XRST
1
3
1
3
1
3
2
28
3
+5V
AVDD
DVDD
+7V
(IC150)
+5V
ICSW
RY901
+5V
(Q326-329)
+5.2V
(IC501, 703)
81 - 79
82 - 86
11 -13
15 -19
10 - 3
25 - 23
21, 2
26, 1
77 - 70
64 - 67
69, 63
68
g
4
5
6
7
8
FUNCTION
KEY
S731 - 737
FUNCTION
KEY
S721 - 728
FUNCTION
KEY
S741 - 745
FUNCTION
KEY
S751 - 756
FUNCTION
KEY
S761 - 766
KEY1
KEY2
KEY3
KEY4
KEY5
RE702
RE701
R-CH
R-CH
S902
VDD
D521
C520 1F
RV501
DISC SENSOR
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 34

34
34
CDP-CX355
7-2.
Printed Wiring Board – BD Section –
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
IC150
IC101
IC131
TP
(VC)
TP
(RFAC)
TP(TE1)
TP(FE1)
A
(Page 36)
Ref. No.
Location
IC101
B-2
IC131
B-1
IC150
B-3
Q131
A-1
Q132
B-2
• Semiconductor
Location
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 35

35
35
CDP-CX355
7-3.
Schematic Diagram – BD Section –
• See page 31 for Waveforms.
• See page 47, 48 for IC Block Diagrams.
• See page 50 for IC Pin Function.
IC B/D
IC B/D
RFSW
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 36

36
36
CDP-CX355
7-4.
Printed Wiring Board – MAIN Section –
IC921
IC920
IC910
IC302
IC401
IC402
IC931
IC930
IC501
IC504
IC506
IC505
TO  POWER BOARD
CNP901
(Page 44)
TO
KEYBOARD BOARD
CNP203
(Page 46)   
TO
LED BOARD
CN813
(Page 46)
T0
T. SENS BOARD
CN81
(Page 39)
TO
BD BOARD
CN101
(Page 34)
TO
DISP BOARD
CN701
(Page 40)
TO
D. MOTOR
BOARD
CNP509
(Page 46)
TO
L. T MOTOR BOARD
CNP85
(Page 46)
TO
POWER BOARD
CNP902
(Page 44)
TO
JACK BOARD
CNP510
(Page 45)
TO
JACK BOARD
CNP511
(Page 45)
TO
L. SW (A)  BOARD
CN84
(Page 46)
TP (AF ADJ)
TP (ADJ)
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
Ref. No.
Location
D325
E-9
D327
C-8
D329
E-8
D425
E-9
D501
C-7
D521
E-4
D550
B-2
D940
A-3
D941
A-5
D942
A-6
• Semiconductor
Location
Ref. No.
Location
IC302
C-10
IC401
D-11
IC402
D-10
IC501
D-5
IC504
D-4
IC505
C-2
IC506
C-1
IC910
B-10
IC920
B-10
IC921
B-3
IC930
C-7
IC931
D-7
Ref. No.
Location
Q321
C-10
Q322
C-9
Q323
C-9
Q324
C-9
Q325
E-8
Q326
E-9
Q327
C-8
Q328
E-8
Q329
D-8
Q421
E-10
Q422
D-9
Q423
D-9
Q424
D-9
Q425
E-8
Q426
E-9
Ref. No.
Location
Q521
D-3
Q550
D-3
Q551
D-3
Q552
D-3
Q559
C-2
Q560
D-2
Q561
D-2
Q562
D-3
Q570
B-7
Q571
B-7
Q572
B-5
Q573
C-6
Q574
C-6
Q576
C-7
Q940
A-5
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 37

37
37
CDP-CX355
7-5.
Schematic Diagram – MAIN Section (1/2) –
• See page 31 for Waveform.   • See page 48 for IC Block Diagrams.   • See page 52 for IC Pin Function.
IC B/D
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 38

38
38
CDP-CX355
7-6.
Schematic Diagram – MAIN Section (2/2) –
• See page 49 for IC Block Diagrams.
IC B/D
IC B/D
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 39

39
39
CDP-CX355
7-7.
Printed Wiring Board – T.SENS Section –
7-8.
Printed Wiring Board – D.SENS (IN) Section –
7-9.
Printed Wiring Board – D.SENS (OUT) Section –
7-10. Schematic Diagram – SENSOR Section –
IC84
IC82
IC83
IC81
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN507
(Page 36)
1
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
5
4
3
2
1
5
4
3
2
1
5
4
3
2
1
5
4
3
2
1
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 40

40
40
CDP-CX355
7-11. Printed Wiring Board – DISPLAY Section –
IC703
IC701
IC702
TO
JOG  BOARD
CN705
(Page 42)
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN502
(Page 36)
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
Ref. No.
Location
D701
D-4
D702
D-3
D703
D-2
D704
D-2
D705
D-1
D706
E-4
D707
E-3
D708
E-2
D709
E-2
D710
C-5
IC701
B-2
IC702
C-1
IC703
A-2
Q701
C-3
• Semiconductor
Location
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 41

41
41
CDP-CX355
7-12. Schematic Diagram – DISPLAY Section –
• See page 49 for IC Block Diagrams.
IC B/D
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 42

42
42
CDP-CX355
7-13. Printed Wiring Board – JOG Section –
p/DISC EJECT
TO
DISP BOARD
CN704
(Page 40)
Ref. No.
Location
D771
D-4
D712
E-2
D713
D-4
D714
D-4
D715
D-4
D716
D-4
• Semiconductor
Location
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 43

43
43
CDP-CX355
7-14. Schematic Diagram – JOG Section –
/DISC EJECT
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 44

44
44
CDP-CX355
7-15. Printed Wiring Board – POWER Section –
7-16. Schematic Diagram – POWER Section –
TO  MAIN  BOARD
CN901, 903
(Page 36)
TO
MAIN  BOARD
CN902
(Page 36)
CNP901
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
Ref. No.
Location
Q930
C-5
D901
C-5
D910
C-1
D911
C-1
D912
B-1
D913
B-1
D920
B-1
D921
B-1
D922
B-1
D923
A-1
D930
B-6
D931
B-6
D932
B-6
D933
B-6
D934
B-6
D935
B-6
D939
B-6
• Semiconductor
Location
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 45

45
45
CDP-CX355
7-17. Printed Wiring Board – JACK Section –
7-18. Schematic Diagram – JACK Section –
IC901
COMMAND
MODE
CD
(Page 36)
(Page 36)
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 46

46
46
CDP-CX355
7-19. Printed Wiring Board – SWITCH/MOTOR Section –
7-20. Schematic Diagram – SWITCH/MOTOR Section –
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN509
(Page  36)
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN503
(Page 36)
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN508
(Page 36)
CNP85
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN504
(Page  36)
TO
MAIN BOARD
CN505
(Page  36)
L.SW (A) BOARD
L.SW (B) BOARD
• See page 31 for Circuit Boards Location.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 47

47
CDP-CX355
• IC Block Diagrams
IC101  CXD2587Q (BD Section)
TE
RFDC
CE
IGEN 
AVSS0 
ADIO 
AVDD0
CLTV
FILO
AVSS3
VSS
AVDD3
DOUT
VDD
PCO
FILI
ASYO
ASYI
RFAC
BIAS
SSTP
DFCT
MIRR
MDP
LOCK
FOK
SFDR
VSS
TEST
FRDR
FE
VC
COUT
SE
XTSL
TES1
SRDR
TFDR
FFDR
TRDR
2
1
70
71
68
69
66
67
64
65
62
61
63
73
74
72
75
76
77
78
79
80
4
XRST
3
SQCK
SQSO
5
9
8
7
6
56
60
53
54
55
59
57
58
51
52
48
49
50
47
44
45
46
43
41
42
XLAT
CLOK
SENS
SYSM
DATA
XUGF
XPCK
GFS
C2PO
WFCK
10 11
12 13 14
15 16 17 18
19 20
21
22
23
24
25
26
32
33
30
31
36
37
34
35
39
40
38
28
27
29
SPOA
ATSK
SCLK
VDD
SCOR
SPOB
XLON
XTAI
XVDD
EMPH
AVDD1
AOUT1
AIN1
XTAO
XVSS
AIN2
AOUT2
AVDD2
RMUT
LOUT2
LOUT1
BCK
LRCK
PCMD
LMUT
AVSS1
AVSS2
CPU
INTERFACE
SERVO AUTO
SEQUENCER
SERIAL IN
INTERFACE
OVER SAMPLING
DIGITAL FILTER
3rd ORDER
NOISE SHAPER
PWM
PWM
EFM
DEMODULATOR
TIMING
LOGIC
DIGITAL
OUT
D/A
INTERFACE
DIGITAL
PLL
ASYMMETRY
CORRECTION
CLOCK
GENERATOR
MIRR, DFCT,
FOK
DETECTOR
DIGITAL
CLV
SUBCODE
PROCESSOR
SERVO
INTERFACE
SERVO DSP
FOCUS
SERVO
TRACKING
SERVO
SLED
SERVO
PWM GENERATOR
FOCUS PWM
GENERATOR
TRACKING
PWM GENERATOR
SLED PWM
GENERATOR
16K
RAM
ERROR
CORRECTOR
INTERNAL BUS
A/D
CONVERTER
OPERATIONAL
AMPLIFIER
ANALOG SWITCH
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 48

48
CDP-CX355
IC131  CXA2581N-T4 (BD Section)
RW/ROM
RW/ROM
EQ ON/OFF
VOFST
VOFST
DVC
VC
VC
VC
RW/ROM
VC
DVC
30
29
28
+
–
+
–
DVC
VCC
DVC
27
26
25
24
RW/ROM
EQ
23
22
21
20
19
RFAC
VCA
VCC
+
–
DVC
+
–
+
–
RW/ROM
VC
RW/ROM
DVC
+
–
3
A
B
C
D
B
C
A
A
A
B
C
D
B
C
D
D
+
–
1
2
APC AMP
5
6
7
8
9
4
RFAC
SUMMING
AMP
RW/ROM
APC-OFF
(Hi-Z)
RW/ROM
(H/L)
VOFST
VC
RW/ROM
+
–
10
11
GM
GM
18
17
16
B
D
A
C
13
14
15
12
EQ IN
LD
PD
GND
A
B
C
D
AC SUM
E
F
DVCC
DVC
RFAC
SW
DC OFST
RFDCI
RFDCO
VC
RFC
VFC
BST
RFG
VCC
CEI
CE
TE BAL
TE
FEI
FE
IC504  M5M5256DFP-70XL (MAIN Section)
VCC
W
A13
A8
A9
A11
OE
A10
SI
DQ8
DQ7
DQ6
DQ5
DQ4
A12
A6
A5
A4
A3
A2
A1
A0
DQ1
DQ2
DQ3
GND
A7
A14
CLOCK
GENERATOR
OUTPUT
BUFFER
SENSE
AMP
32768 WORD
x 8 BIT
RAM
(512 x 512)
ROW
ADDRESS
DECODER
ROW INPUT BUFFER
COLUMN INPUT BUFFER
COLUMN
ADDRESS
DECODER
INPUT
DATA
CONTROL
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9 10
11 12 13 14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 49

49
CDP-CX355
IC505  LA6510 (MIAN Section)
VOUT1
+VIN1
VSENCE1
–VIN1
–VIN2
VCC
+VIN2
VOUT2
VSENCE2
VEE
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9 10
+
–
+
–
IC931  LA5601 (MAIN Section)
3
6
7
2
5
1
4
9
8
10
ON/OFF
AMP
V REF
AMP
RESET
VOMUTE
CD
VIN
VO
RES
CN
GND
EN
VID
VOD
IC702  M66310FP (DISPLAY Section)
24
0
D
R
CK
23
0
D
R
CK
22
0
D
R
CK
21
0
D
R
CK
20
0
D
R
CK
19
0
D
R
CK
18
0
D
R
CK
17
0
D
R
CK
16
0
D
R
CK
15
0
D
R
CK
14
0
D
R
CK
13
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
0
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
1
D
R
CK
D
1
R
CK
D
1
0
0
R
CK
D
R
CK
D
R
CK
1
2
3
D
1
R
CK
D
1
0
0
R
CK
D
R
CK
D
R
CK
QC
QD
QE
QF
QG
QH
QI
QJ
QK
QL
QM
QN
QA
QB
VCC
DATA
OE
LT
RST
CLK
GND
SQP
QO
QP
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 50

50
CDP-CX355
7-21. IC Pin Functions
• IC101 DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSOR (CXD2587Q) (BD Section)
Pin No.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
I/O
O
I
I
I
I
I
I
O
I
—
I/O
I
I
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
O
I
O
O
O
O
O
O
—
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
O
—
I
—
Pin Name
SQSO
SQCK
XRST
SYSM
DATA
XLAT
CLOK
SENS
SCLK
VDD
ATSK
SPOA
SPOB
XLON
WFCK
XUGF
XPCK
GFS
C2PO
SCOR
COUT
MIRR
DFCT
FOK
LOCK
MDP
SSTP
SFDR
SRDR
TFDR
TRDR
FFDR
FRDR
VSS
TEST
TES1
XTSL
VC
FE
SE
TE
CE
RFDC
ADIO
AVSS0
IGEN
AVDD0
Description
Sub-Q 80-bit and PCM peak level data output (CD text data output)
Clock input for SQSO read-out
System reset “L” : reset
Muting input “H” : mute
Serial data input, supplied from CPU
Latch input, supplied from CPU
Serial data transfer clock input, supplied from CPU
SENS signal output to CPU
SENS serial data read-out clock input
Digital power supply
Input pin for anti-shock (Connected to ground)
Microcomputer escape interface input A
Microcomputer escape interface input B
Microcomputer escape interface output (Not used)
WFCK output (Not used)
Not used
Not used
Not used
Not used
Sub-code sync output
Numbers of track counted signal input/output (Not used)
Mirror signal input/output (Not used)
Defect signal input/output (Not used)
Focus OK input/output (Not used)
GFS is sampled by 460 Hz. H when GFS is H (Not used)
Output to control spindle motor servo
Input signal to detect disc inner most track
Sled drive output
Sled drive output
Tracking drive output
Tracking drive output
Focus drive output
Focus drive output
Digital ground
TEST pin connected normally to ground
TEST pin connected normally to ground
X’tal selection input (Connected to ground)
Center voltage input pin
Focus error signal input
Sled error signal input
Tracking error signal input
Center servo analog input
RF signal input
Test pin (Not used)
Analog ground
Stabilized current input for operational amplifiers
Analog power supply
• Abbreviation
GFS : Guarded Frame Sync
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 51

51
CDP-CX355
Pin No.
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
I/O
O
I
I
I
—
I
O
I
O
—
—
—
O
O
O
O
O
—
I
O
—
—
O
I
O
—
—
O
I
O
—
O
O
Pin Name
ASYO
ASYI
BIAS
RFAC
AVSS3
CLTV
FILO
FILI
PCO
AVDD3
VSS
VDD
DOUT
LRCK
PCMD
BCK
EMPH
XVDD
XTAI
XTAO
XVSS
AVDD1
AOUT1
AIN1
LOUT1
AVSS1
AVSS2
LOUT2
AIN2
AOUT2
AVDD2
RMUT
LMUT
Description
EFM full swing output
Asymmetry comparate voltage input
Asymmetry circuit constant current input
EFM signal input
Analog ground
Control voltage input for master VCO1
Filter output for master PLL
Filter input for master PLL
Charge-pump output for master PLL
Analog power supply
Digital ground
Digital power supply
Digital-out output pin
D/A interface LR clock output (ƒ = Fs) (Not used)
D/A interface serial data output (Not used)
D/A interface bit clock output (Not used)
Playback disc output in emphasis mode (Not used)
Power supply for master clock
X’tal oscillator circuit input (16.9344MHz)
X’tal oscillator circuit output (16.9344MHz)
Ground for master clock
Analog power supply
L-ch analog output
L-ch operational amplifiers input
L-ch line output
Analog ground
Analog ground
R-ch line output
R-ch operational amplifiers input
R-ch analog output
Analog power supply
R-ch “0” detection flag output
L-ch “0” detection flag output
• Abbreviation
EFM : Eight to Fourteen Modulation
PLL : Phase Locked Loop
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 52

52
CDP-CX355
• IC501 SYSTEM CONTROL (MN101C49GSA) (MAIN Section)
Pin No.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
I/O
—
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
—
—
O
I
—
I
O
—
I
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
O
O
I
O
O
O
O
I
O
O
O
I
I
O
O
O
O
Pin Name
GND
DOOR SW
GND
KEY1
KEY2
KEY3
KEY4
KEY5
D.SENS
VREF
VDD
OSC2
OSC1
VSS
XI
XO
GND
AC IN
 ICSW (RELAY ON/OFF)
LEDLT
FLDATA
FLLT
FLCLK
RESET OUT
STAND-BY LED
RMIN
T2
T4
BUSIN
SCOR
KBCIN
T1
RESET
KBCOUT
KBDOUT
KBDIN
TEST-PULSE2
TEST PULSE
AGC
SMUTE
AMUTE
DATA
XLT
CLK
SENS
SUBQ
SQCK
LED3
LED2
 LED1
Description
Ground
Door panel SW (5V: OPEN)
Digital filter  (not used)
Key A/D input
Disc sensor input
A/D standard power terminal
Power supply terminal (+5V)
Main clock (10MHz) Output
Main clock (10MHz) Input
Ground terminal
Not used
Not used
Ground terminal
Power monitor input
Power terminal for circumference IC
Latch for LED driver output
Data for fluorescent indicator driver output
Latch for fluorescent indicator output
Clock for fluorescent indicator output
Reset output for circumference IC
LED output for STANDBY
Remote control input
Table sensor input
CONTROL A1 input
Sub code Q synchronous signal
Keyboard clock input
Table sensor input
System reset signal input
Keyboard clock output
Keyboard data output
Keyboard data input
DISC detection test output
TSENS1, 2 output
CXD2587Q LPH output
Mute on output
Mute on input
CXD2587Q D/F data output
CXD2587Q Latch output
CXD2587Q D/F clock output
CXD2587Q Servo sensor signal input
CXD2587Q Q data input
CXD2587Q Q data clock output
interior illumination
interior illumination
 interior illumination
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 53

53
CDP-CX355
Pin No.
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100
I/O
I
I
I
I
I
O
O
O
O
I
I
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
I/O
O
I
I
I
I
I
O
O
—
O
O
O
O
—
Pin Name
SELECT
T2
SELECT
SELECT
SELECT
2WAY-LT
CX5/CX6
CX3/CX4
2WAYLT
AFADJ
ADJ
WE
A13
A8
A9
A10
A11
A14
A12
A7
A6
A5
A4
A3
A2
A1
A0
CS
D2
D1
D0
D3
D4
D5
D6
D7
BUSOUT
CD2
CD3
SW
INSW
OUTSW
DOOROUT
DOORIN
GND
LDOUT
LDIN
TBLR
TBLL
DVDD
Description
CX691 select port (H: CX691 L: Other)
Table sensor input
J select port (H: J L: Other)
ES select port (H: ES L: HiFi)
2WAY select port (H: 2WAY L: 1WAY)
U-COM chip enable output (Not used)
Not used
Not used
Reset output (Not used)
AFADJ select port
ADJ mode select port
SRAM write enable output
SRAM address output
SRAM chip select output
SRAM data input/output
CONTROL-A1 output
Remote control mode select input (CD2)
Remote control mode select input (CD3)
Table close switch input
Loading in switch input
Loading out switch input
Door open output
Door close output
Ground terminal
Loading motor PWM output for outside direction
Loading motor PWM output for inside direction
Table motor PWM output for right turn
Table motor PWM output for left turn
D/A converter standard power terminal
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 54

NOTE:
•
-XX, -X mean standardized parts, so they may
have some differences from the original one.
•
Items marked “*” are not stocked since they
are seldom required for routine service. Some
delay should be anticipated when ordering these
items.
•
The mechanical parts with no reference number
in the exploded views are not supplied.
•
Hardware (# mark) list and accessories and
packing materials are given in the last of this
parts list.
•
Abbreviation
CND : Canadian model
AUS : Australian model
SP
: Singapore model
The components identified by mark 0 or
dotted line with mark 0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number specified.
Les composants identifiés par une marque
0 sont critiques pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une pièce portant
le numéro spécifié.
SECTION 8
EXPLODED VIEWS
54
CDP-CX355
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
8-1. Case Section
5
12
13
4
3
#1
#1
chassis section 1
2
2
2
#1
#1
#1
#1
front panel section
2
1
10
10
#1
#1
not supplied
not supplied
#3
#1
8
6
7
9
#1
11
A
A
1
4-215-970-11
CASE
2
4-210-291-01
SCREW (CASE 3 TP2)
3
4-215-954-01
COVER (FRONT)
4
4-215-952-01
GUIDE (DOOR.B)
5
4-215-960-01
COVER (CHASSIS)
6
X-4950-902-1
TABLE (300) ASSY
7
1-672-633-11
LED BOARD
8
4-215-953-01
GUIDE (DOOR.T)
9
4-215-968-01
WINDOW (INTERNAL ILLUMINATION)
10
4-985-553-11
CUSHION
11
4-215-967-01
COVER (P.T.)
12
3-701-447-21
WASHER, 10
13
X-4950-889-1
DOOR (CD) ASSY
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
#3
7-685-650-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X16 TYPE2 N-S
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 55

55
CDP-CX355
8-2. Chassis Section 1
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
#1
#1
#4
#1
#4
#8
#8
#4
not supplied
not supplied
not supplied
56
53
51
51
51
58
55
57
57
59
52
60
54
mechanism section 1
(CDM54-K1BD45)
(base (door.gear) assy)
mechanism section 1
(CDM54-K1BD45)
(pop-up assy)
chassis section 2
51
3-703-249-01
SCREW, S TIGHT, +PTTWH 3X6
52
1-672-641-11
D.SENS(OUT) BOARD
53
4-216-089-01
SHAFT (CENTER)
54
4-931-169-01
FOOT
55
1-672-640-11
D.SENS(IN) BOARD
56
1-672-639-11
T.SENS BOARD
57
4-216-096-01
SCREW (T1), STEP
58
4-216-091-01
HOLDER (TABLE SENSOR)
59
3-356-601-11
SCREW, STEP
60
3-970-608-01
SUMITITE (B3), +BV
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
#4
7-685-903-11
SCREW +PTPWH 3X6 (TYPE2)
#8
7-682-948-01
SCREW +PSW 3X8
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 56

56
CDP-CX355
8-3. Chassis Section 2
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
#1
#1
#1
#1
#1
#8
#1
not supplied
103
102
mechanism section 2
(CDM54-K1BD45)
back panel section
104
105
T901
T902
#1
#1
101
106
101
101
102
4-216-092-01
HOLDER (ROLLER)
103
4-216-093-01
ROLLER
104
3-703-249-01
SCREW, S TIGHT, +PTTWH 3X6
105
1-672-638-11
POWER BOARD
106
4-215-971-01
CUSHION (FOOT)
0T901
1-433-666-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (SUB) (US, CND, E)
0T901
1-433-668-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (SUB) (AEP, UK, SP)
0T901
1-433-877-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (SUB) (AUS)
0T902
1-433-663-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (MAIN) (US, CND, E)
0T902
1-433-665-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (MAIN)
 (AEP, UK, SP, AUS)
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
#8
7-682-948-01
SCREW +PSW 3X8
The components identified by
mark 0 or dotted line with mark
0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number
specified.
Les composants identifiés par
une marque 0 sont critiques
pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une
pièce portant le numéro spécifié.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 57

57
CDP-CX355
8-4. Back Panel Section
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
152
153
151
155
156
157
#1
#1
#1
#1
#1
CNP901
#1
#1
#1
#1
not supplied
not supplied
not supplied
154
151
A-4727-794-A MAIN BOARD, COMPLETE
152
1-790-420-11
WIRE (FLAT TYPE) (21 CORE)
153
1-773-183-11
WIRE (FLAT TYPE) (23 CORE)
154
1-672-629-12
JACK BOARD
155
4-238-109-01
PANEL, BACK (US)
155
4-238-109-11
PANEL, BACK (CND)
155
4-238-109-21
PANEL, BACK (AEP, UK)
155
4-238-109-32
PANEL, BACK (SP)
155
4-238-109-42
PANEL, BACK (AUS)
155
4-238-109-51
PANEL, BACK (E)”
* 156
4-982-807-01
COVER (FFC)
* 157
3-703-244-00
BUSHING (2104), CORD
0CNP901 1-696-845-11
CORD, POWER (AUS)
0CNP901 1-777-071-61
CORD, POWER (AEP, UK, SP)
0CNP901 1-783-531-31
CORD, POWER (US, CND, E)
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
The components identified by
mark 0 or dotted line with mark
0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number
specified.
Les composants identifiés par
une marque 0 sont critiques
pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une
pièce portant le numéro spécifié.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 58

58
CDP-CX355
8-5. Front Panel Section
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
204
205
203
212
212
209
213
213
213
213
not supplied
not supplied
not supplied
not supplied
208
FL701
211
213
206
201
202
207
207
210
201
4-215-818-01
KNOB (DISC)
202
4-215-819-01
KNOB (AMS)
203
X-4954-417-1
PANEL ASSY, FRONT (US, CND)
203
X-4954-470-1
PANEL ASSY, FRONT (AUS, UK, AEP, E, SP)
204
4-996-698-61
EMBLEM, SONY
205
4-977-358-01
CUSHION
206
3-917-216-21
KNOB (TIMER)
207
4-219-323-01
RING (DIA. 50-CX300)
208
4-982-811-11
HOLDER (FL)
209
1-672-632-12
KEYBOARD BOARD
210
A-4727-728-A JOG BOARD, COMPLETE
211
A-4727-729-A DISP BOARD, COMPLETE
212
4-985-553-21
CUSHION
213
4-951-620-01
SCREW (2.6X8), +BVTP
FL701
1-517-861-11
INDICATOR TUBE, FLUORESCENT
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 59

59
CDP-CX355
8-6. Mechanism Section 1 (CDM54-K1BD45)
(Pop-up Assy, Base (Door. Gear) Assy)
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
#6
#6
M83
#9
#7
#7
269
265
267
266
262
264
265
267
268
257
257
257
257
257
255
256
252
254
253
259
260
261
258
251
263
251
X-4950-888-1
BRACKET (DOOR.GEAR) ASSY
252
4-215-959-01
LEVER (CAM.PU)
253
4-215-955-01
GEAR (DOOR.PULLEY)
254
4-215-956-01
GEAR (DOOR.CENTER)
255
4-215-957-01
GEAR (DOOR.DRIVE)
256
4-215-958-01
GEAR (DOOR.CAM)
257
3-325-697-21
WASHER
258
4-219-324-01
HOLDER (L-SW)
259
4-219-326-01
BELT (DIA. 42X1.2)
260
1-672-637-11
D.MOTOR BOARD
261
1-672-634-11
D.SW BOARD
262
4-216-099-01
SLIDER (POP-UP)
263
4-216-100-01
HOLDER (POP-UP)
264
4-216-098-01
LEVER (POP-UP)
265
3-701-441-21
WASHER
266
4-216-102-01
SHAFT (POP-UP FULCRUM)
267
4-216-103-01
SPRING (POP-UP), COMPRESSION
268
4-216-104-01
SPRING (POP-UP), TENSION
269
4-998-716-01
SCREW, BU FITTING
M83
X-4950-062-1
MOTOR ASSY (DOOR)
#6
7-685-533-19
SCREW +BTP 2.6X6 TYPE2 N-S
#7
7-624-106-04
STOP RING 3.0, TYPE -E
#9
7-621-775-00
SCREW +B 2.6X3
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 60

60
CDP-CX355
8-7. Mechanism Section 2 (CDM54-K1BD45)
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
305
302
301
303
306
307
308
309
310
310
not supplied
optical pick-up section
(BU-K1BD45)
mechanism section 3
(CDM54-K1BD45)
not supplied
#1
#5
304
not supplied
301
4-216-081-01
SPRING (MG), TORSION
302
3-701-441-21
WASHER
303
3-701-446-21
WASHER, 8
304
4-216-088-02
GUIDE (DISC)
305
4-216-082-01
HOLDER (MAGNET), TORSION
306
A-4672-768-A MAGNET ASSY
307
X-4950-901-4
HOLDER ASSY, BU
308
4-216-086-01
SPRING (F-2), TENSION
309
4-216-085-01
SPRING (F-1), TENSION
310
4-957-577-01
SCREW PTP WH (2.6X8) (DIA. 10)
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
#5
7-685-645-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X6 TYPE2 N-S
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 61

61
CDP-CX355
8-8. Mechanism Section 3 (CDM54-K1BD45)
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
367
354
355
353
352
351
358
359
357
361
364
357
365
366
366
362
363
360
352
353
356
#7
#1
#7
mechanism section 4
(CDM54-K1BD45)
351
4-216-070-01
LEVER (LOCK)
352
4-216-067-01
SPRING (CLAMP), COMPRESSION
353
3-701-441-21
WASHER
354
X-4950-885-1
HOLDER (DISC L) ASSY
355
X-4950-886-1
HOLDER (DISC R) ASSY
356
4-216-066-01
SHAFT (CLAMP)
357
3-325-697-21
WASHER
358
4-216-076-01
HOLDER (R)
359
4-216-077-01
SPRING (HOLDER FR), TORSION
360
4-216-075-01
HOLDER (F)
361
X-4950-900-1
BRACKET (LEVER) ASSY
362
4-216-080-01
SPRING (LIMITTER), TORSION
363
4-216-079-01
LIMITTER (LEVER)
364
4-216-078-01
LEVER (LOADING)
365
4-216-061-01
BELT
366
4-216-060-01
PULLEY (1)
367
4-998-716-01
SCREW, BU FITTING”
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
#7
7-624-106-04
STOP RING 3.0, TYPE -E
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 62

62
CDP-CX355
8-9. Mechanism Section 4 (CDM54-K1BD45)
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
#1
#1
#8
#1
M82
M81
402
410
409
401
401
404
405
403
407
411
408
406
401
4-216-058-01
GEAR (CENTER)
402
4-216-059-01
GEAR (TABLE)
403
4-216-063-02
SLIDER
404
4-216-062-01
LEVER (FULCRUM)
405
1-672-643-11
L.SW(B) BOARD
406
A-4672-676-A CAM ASSY
407
4-216-057-01
GEAR (CENTER 2)
408
1-672-642-11
L.SW(A) BOARD
409
1-672-636-11
L.T.MOTOR BOARD
410
4-216-054-01
BASE (CDM)
411
4-951-620-01
SCREW (2.6X8), +BVTP
M81
A-4672-675-A MOTOR ASSY (TABLE)
M82
A-4672-675-A MOTOR ASSY (LOADING)
#1
7-685-646-79
SCREW +BVTP 3X8 TYPE2 N-S
#8
7-682-948-01
SCREW +PSW 3X8
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 63

63
CDP-CX355
8-10. Optical Pick-up Section (BU-K1BD45)
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
451
1-792-024-11
WIRE (FLAT TYPE) (16 CORE)
452
A-4727-737-A BD BOARD, COMPLETE
* 453
4-992-054-01
RUBBER, VIBRATION PROOF
0454
A-3328-818-A OPTICAL PICK-UP KSM-213BFN/C2NP
#2
7-621-772-21
SCREW +B 2X5
452
453
453
454
451
#2
The components identified by
mark 0 or dotted line with mark
0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number
specified.
Les composants identifiés par
une marque 0 sont critiques
pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une
pièce portant le numéro spécifié.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 64

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
NOTE:
•
Due to standardization, replacements in the
parts list may be different from the parts
specified in the diagrams or the components
used on the set.
•
-XX, -X mean standardized parts, so they
may have some difference from the original
one.
•
Items marked “*” are not stocked since they
are seldom required for routine service.
Some delay should be anticipated when
ordering these items.
•
CAPACITORS:
uF: µF
•
RESISTORS
All resistors are in ohms.
METAL: metal-film resistor
METAL OXIDE: Metal Oxide-film resistor
F: nonflammable
•
COILS
uH: µH
•
SEMICONDUCTORS
In each case, u: µ, for example:
uA...: µA... , uPA... , µPA... ,
uPB... , µPB... , uPC... , µPC... ,
uPD..., µPD...
When indicating parts by reference number,
please include the board name.
•
Abbreviation
CND
: Canadian model
AUS
: Australian model
SP
:Singapore model
The components identified by mark 0 or
dotted line with mark 0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number specified.
Les composants identifiés par une marque
0 sont critiques pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une pièce portant
le numéro spécifié.
64
SECTION 9
ELECTRICAL PARTS LIST
CDP-CX355
A-4727-737-A BD BOARD, COMPLETE
*******************
< CAPACITOR >
C101
1-164-315-11
CERAMIC CHIP
470PF
5.00%
50V
C102
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C103
1-164-315-11
CERAMIC CHIP
470PF
5.00%
50V
C110
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C111
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C112
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C120
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C121
1-162-970-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.01uF
10%
25V
C122
1-117-863-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.47uF
10.00% 6.3V
C123
1-162-927-11
CERAMIC CHIP
100PF
5%
50V
C124
1-162-967-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.0033uF
10%
50V
C125
1-162-966-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.0022uF
10%
50V
C126
1-107-826-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
10.00% 16V
C127
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C128
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C130
1-164-505-11
CERAMIC CHIP
2.2uF
16V
C131
1-164-505-11
CERAMIC CHIP
2.2uF
16V
C132
1-164-505-11
CERAMIC CHIP
2.2uF
16V
C134
1-124-589-11
ELECT
47uF
20%
16V
C135
1-124-589-11
ELECT
47uF
20%
16V
C136
1-107-826-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
10.00% 16V
C137
1-124-584-00
ELECT
100uF
20%
10V
C138
1-162-964-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.001uF
10%
50V
C139
1-162-915-11
CERAMIC CHIP
10PF
5.00%
50V
C142
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C145
1-162-908-11
CERAMIC CHIP
3PF
8.33%
50V
C150
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C151
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C152
1-107-826-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
10.00% 16V
C158
1-162-966-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.0022uF
10%
50V
C171
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C172
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C173
1-162-927-11
CERAMIC CHIP
100PF
5%
50V
C174
1-115-412-11
CERAMIC CHIP
680PF
5.00%
25V
C181
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C182
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C183
1-162-927-11
CERAMIC CHIP
100PF
5%
50V
C184
1-115-412-11
CERAMIC CHIP
680PF
5.00%
25V
C191
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C192
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
C193
1-162-920-11
CERAMIC CHIP
27PF
5%
50V
C194
1-162-919-11
CERAMIC CHIP
22PF
5%
50V
C195
1-164-156-11
CERAMIC CHIP
0.1uF
25V
< CONNECTOR >
CN101
1-784-745-11
CONNECTOR, FFC 23P
CN102
1-793-907-11
CONNECTOR, FFC/FPC 16P
< FERRITE BEAD >
FB191
1-414-234-22
FERRITE
0UH
FB192
1-414-234-22
FERRITE
0UH
< IC >
IC101 
8-752-386-85 IC   CXD2587Q
IC131 
8-752-089-74 IC   CXA2581N-T4
IC150 
8-759-677-90 IC   BA5947FP-E2
< TRANSISTOR >
Q131
8-729-010-08
TRANSISTOR
MSB710-RT1
Q132
8-729-600-22
TRANSISTOR
2SA1235TP-1EF
< RESISTOR >
R101
1-216-833-11
METAL CHIP
10K
5%
1/16W
R102
1-216-845-11
METAL CHIP
100K
5%
1/16W
R103
1-216-833-11
METAL CHIP
10K
5%
1/16W
R110
1-216-821-11
METAL CHIP
1K
5%
1/16W
R111
1-216-821-11
METAL CHIP
1K
5%
1/16W
R112
1-216-845-11
METAL CHIP
100K
5%
1/16W
R113
1-216-864-11
METAL CHIP
0
5%
1/16W
R120
1-216-839-11
METAL CHIP
33K
5%
1/16W
R121
1-216-833-11
METAL CHIP
10K
5%
1/16W
R122
1-216-845-11
METAL CHIP
100K
5%
1/16W
R123
1-216-857-11
METAL CHIP
1M
5%
1/16W
R125
1-216-825-11
METAL CHIP
2.2K
5%
1/16W
R126
1-216-833-11
METAL CHIP
10K
5%
1/16W
R127
1-216-821-11
METAL CHIP
1K
5%
1/16W
R129
1-216-815-11
METAL CHIP
330
5%
1/16W
R131
1-216-845-11
METAL CHIP
100K
5%
1/16W
R132
1-216-841-11
METAL CHIP
47K
5%
1/16W
R134
1-216-853-11
METAL CHIP
470K
5%
1/16W
R135
1-216-833-11
METAL CHIP
10K
5%
1/16W
R136
1-216-833-11
METAL CHIP
10K
5%
1/16W
BD
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 65

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
65
CDP-CX355
R137
1-216-797-11
METAL CHIP
10
5%
1/16W
R138
1-216-797-11
METAL CHIP
10
5%
1/16W
R139
1-216-849-11
METAL CHIP
220K
5%
1/16W
R140
1-216-857-11
METAL CHIP
1M
5%
1/16W
R141
1-216-841-11
METAL CHIP
47K
5%
1/16W
R142
1-216-845-11
METAL CHIP
100K
5%
1/16W
R143
1-216-841-11
METAL CHIP
47K
5%
1/16W
R144
1-216-846-11
METAL CHIP
120K
5%
1/16W
R145
1-216-829-11
METAL CHIP
4.7K
5%
1/16W
R146
1-216-841-11
METAL CHIP
47K
5%
1/16W
R149
1-216-821-11
METAL CHIP
1K
5%
1/16W
R151
1-216-853-11
METAL CHIP
470K
5%
1/16W
R152
1-216-849-11
METAL CHIP
220K
5%
1/16W
R153
1-216-864-11
METAL CHIP
0
5%
1/16W
R155
1-216-864-11
METAL CHIP
0
5%
1/16W
R171
1-216-835-11
METAL CHIP
15K
5%
1/16W
R172
1-216-835-11
METAL CHIP
15K
5%
1/16W
R173
1-216-835-11
METAL CHIP
15K
5%
1/16W
R181
1-216-835-11
METAL CHIP
15K
5%
1/16W
R182
1-216-835-11
METAL CHIP
15K
5%
1/16W
R183
1-216-835-11
METAL CHIP
15K
5%
1/16W
R191
1-216-818-11
METAL CHIP
560
5%
1/16W
R192
1-216-809-11
METAL CHIP
100
5%
1/16W
< SWITCH >
S101
1-572-085-11
SWITCH, LEAF (LIMIT IN)
< VIBRATOR >
X191
1-795-152-21
VIBRATOR, CRYSTAL (10MHz)
**************************************************************
1-672-637-11
D.MOTOR BOARD
***************
**************************************************************
1-672-640-11
D.SENS(IN) BOARD
****************
*
4-985-300-01
HOLDER (P-T)
< TRANSISTOR >
Q81
8-729-921-53
PHOTO TRANSISTOR ISTOR PT483F1
 (DISC SENSOR)
**************************************************************
1-672-641-11
D.SENS(OUT) BOARD
******************
< DIODE >
D81
8-719-055-84
DIODE   GL528VS1 (DISC SENSOR)
**************************************************************
1-672-634-11
D.SW BOARD
***********
< RESISTOR >
R82
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R83
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R84
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
< SWITCH >
SW83
1-571-300-21
SWITCH, LEVER SLIDE (CLOSE/OPEN)
SW84
1-571-300-11
SWITCH, ROTARY (DOWN/UP)
**************************************************************
A-4727-729-A DISP BOARD, COMPLETE
*********************
4-982-811-11
HOLDER (FL)
< CAPACITOR >
C701
1-162-294-31
CERAMIC
0.001uF
10%
50V
C702
1-162-215-31
CERAMIC
47PF
5%
50V
C703
1-162-306-11
CERAMIC
0.01uF
20.00% 16V
C704
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C706
1-162-282-31
CERAMIC
100PF
10%
50V
C707
1-162-282-31
CERAMIC
100PF
10%
50V
C708
1-162-282-31
CERAMIC
100PF
10%
50V
C709
1-162-288-31
CERAMIC
330PF
10%
50V
C710
1-124-584-00
ELECT
100uF
20%
10V
C711
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C781
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C791
1-124-584-00
ELECT
100uF
20%
10V
< CONNECTOR >
CN701
1-568-838-11
CONNECTOR, FFC 21P
< DIODE >
D701
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D702
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D703
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D704
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D705
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D706
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D707
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D708
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D709
8-719-046-39
DIODE   SEL5821A-TP15
D710
8-719-046-44
DIODE   SEL5221S-TP15
< FLUORESCENT INDICATOR >
FL701
1-517-861-11
INDICATOR TUBE, FLUORESCENT
< IC >
IC701
8-759-498-92
IC   MSM9202-03GS-K
IC702
8-759-183-47
IC   M66310FP
IC703
8-759-827-70
IC   NJL64H400A-1
< TRANSISTOR >
Q701
8-729-116-02
TRANSISTOR
BA1A4M-TP
BD
D. MOTOR
D. SENS (IN)
D. SENS (OUT)
D. SW
DISP
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 66

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
66
CDP-CX355
< RESISTOR >
R701
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R702
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R703
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R704
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R705
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R706
1-247-843-11
CARBON
3.3K
5%
1/4W
R707
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R708
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R709
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R711
1-249-411-11
CARBON
330
5%
1/4W
R712
1-249-411-11
CARBON
330
5%
1/4W
R713
1-249-413-11
CARBON
470
5%
1/4W
F
R714
1-249-413-11
CARBON
470
5%
1/4W
F
R721
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R722
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R723
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R724
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R725
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R726
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R727
1-249-437-11
CARBON
47K
5%
1/4W
R731
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R732
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R733
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R734
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R735
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R736
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R742
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R791
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R792
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
< SWITCH >
S721
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP FILE)
S722
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 8)
S723
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 7)
S724
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 6)
S725
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 5)
S726
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 1)
S727
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (I/O STANDBY)
S728
1-570-157-51
SWITCH, SLIDE (PLAY/OFF TIMER-SW)
S731
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 2)
S732
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 3)
S733
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (GROUP 4)
S734
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (CONTINUE)
S735
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (SHUFFLE)
S736
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (PROGRAM)
S737
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (REPEAT)
S741
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (HITLIST)
S742
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (TIME/TEXT)
**************************************************************
1-672-629-12
JACK BOARD
***********
< CAPACITOR >
C327
1-124-282-00
ELECT
22uF
20.00% 25V
C328
1-162-290-31
CERAMIC
470PF
10%
50V
C427
1-124-282-00
ELECT
22uF
20.00% 25V
C428
1-162-290-31
CERAMIC
470PF
10%
50V
C951
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C952
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C953
1-104-665-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 10V
C954
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
< IC >
IC901 
8-749-921-12 IC   GP1F32T(DIGITAL OUT OPTICAL)
< JACK >
* J901
1-764-188-11
JACK (SMALL TYPE) (DIA. 3.5)
 (S-LINK CONTROL A1)
* J902
1-764-188-11
JACK (SMALL TYPE) (DIA. 3.5)
 (S-LINK CONTROL A1)
J903
1-784-429-11
JACK, PIN 4P (2ND CD IN/LINE OUT)
< COIL >
L950
1-410-503-11
INDUCTOR
3.3uH
< TRANSISTOR >
Q950
8-729-620-05
TRANSISTOR
2SC2603TP-EF
< RESISTOR >
R339
1-215-485-00
METAL
470K
1%
1/4W
R340
1-215-405-00
METAL
220
1%
1/4W
R439
1-215-485-00
METAL
470K
1%
1/4W
R440
1-215-405-00
METAL
220
1%
1/4W
R950
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R951
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R952
1-249-393-11
CARBON
10
5%
1/4W
F
< SWITCH >
S902
1-762-910-11
SWITCH, SLIDE (COMMAND MODE CD)
**************************************************************
A-4727-728-A JOG BOARD, COMPLETE
********************
< DIODE >
D711
8-719-046-40
DIODE   SEL5521C-TH8F (G)
D712
8-719-046-38
DIODE   SEL5821A-TH8F (X)
D713
8-719-033-06
DIODE   SEL5920A-TP15 (MEGA CONTROL)
D714
8-719-032-86
DIODE   SEL5420E-TP15 (EASY PLAY)
D715
8-719-033-06
DIODE   SEL5920A-TP15 (MEGA CONTROL)
D716
8-719-032-86
DIODE   SEL5420E-TP15 (EASY PLAY)
JACK
JOG
DISP
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 67

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
67
CDP-CX355
< RESISTOR >
R715
1-249-407-11
CARBON
150
5%
1/4W
F
R716
1-249-409-11
CARBON
220
5%
1/4W
F
R717
1-249-401-11
CARBON
47
5%
1/4W
F
R718
1-249-401-11
CARBON
47
5%
1/4W
F
R737
1-249-437-11
CARBON
47K
5%
1/4W
R743
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R744
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R745
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R746
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R747
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R748
1-249-437-11
CARBON
47K
5%
1/4W
R752
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R753
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R754
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R755
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R756
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R757
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R762
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R763
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R764
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R765
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R766
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R767
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R793
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
< ROTARY ENCODER >
RE701
1-475-543-11
ENCODER, ROTARY (AMS PUSH ENTER)
RE702
1-475-543-11
ENCODER, ROTARY
 (DISC/CHARACTOR PUSH ENTER)
< SWITCH >
S743
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (YES)
S744
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (+100)
S745
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (MENU/NO)
S751
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (CLEAR)
S752
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (FADER)
S753
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (CHECK)
S754
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (NO DELAY)
S755
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (MEMO SEARCH)
S756
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (X-FADE)
S761
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (EASY PLAY)
S762
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (MEGA CONTROL)
S763
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (x/DISC EJECT)
S764
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (X)
S765
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (G)
S766
1-762-875-21
SWITCH, KEYBOARD (OPEN/CLOSE)
**************************************************************
1-672-632-12
KEYBOARD BOARD
****************
< CAPACITOR >
C792
1-126-935-11
ELECT
470uF
20.00% 10V
C821
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C822
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
< CONNECTOR >
* CNP203 1-568-944-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 6P
< DIODE >
D821
8-719-109-85
DIODE   RD5.1ES-T2B2
D822
8-719-109-85
DIODE   RD5.1ES-T2B2
D823
8-719-109-85
DIODE   RD5.1ES-T2B2
< CONNECTOR >
J821
1-785-945-11
CONNECTOR, DIN (KEY BOARD)
< COIL >
L821
1-424-122-11
FILTER, NOISE
L822
1-424-122-11
FILTER, NOISE
L823
1-424-122-11
FILTER, NOISE
L824
1-424-122-11
FILTER, NOISE
< RESISTOR >
R801
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
**************************************************************
1-672-642-11
L.SW(A) BOARD
*************
< SWITCH >
S81
1-571-300-21
SWITCH, LEVER SLIDE (LOADING DET)
**************************************************************
1-672-643-11
L.SW(B) BOARD
*************
S82
1-771-604-11
SWITCH, DETECTION (LOADING)
**************************************************************
1-672-636-11
L.T.MOTOR BOARD
****************
**************************************************************
1-672-633-11
LED BOARD
**********
*
4-976-473-01
HOLDER (LED-S)
< CAPACITOR >
C804
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
< CONNECTOR >
* CN813
1-568-942-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 4P
< DIODE >
D802
8-719-071-41
DIODE   SELS5923C-TP15 (INSIDE ILLUMINATION)
D803
8-719-071-42
DIODE   SEL5723C-TP15 (INSIDE ILLUMINATION)
D804
8-719-072-76
DIODE   SEL5E23C-TP15 (INSIDE ILLUMINATION)
D805
8-719-071-42
DIODE   SEL5723C-TP15 (INSIDE ILLUMINATION)
D806
8-719-071-41
DIODE   SELS5923C-TP15 (INSIDE ILLUMINATION)
JOG
KEYBOARD
L. SW (A)
L. SW (B)
L. T. MOTOR
LED
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 68

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
68
CDP-CX355
< RESISTOR >
R805
1-249-401-11
CARBON
47
5%
1/4W
F
R806
1-249-399-11
CARBON
33
5%
1/4W
F
R807
1-249-401-11
CARBON
47
5%
1/4W
F
**************************************************************
A-4727-794-A MAIN BOARD, COMPLETE
*********************
7-685-871-01
SCREW +BVTT
3X6
(S)
< CAPACITOR >
C301
1-126-965-91
ELECT
22uF
20.00% 50V
C304
1-126-965-91
ELECT
22uF
20.00% 50V
C305
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C307
1-126-964-11
ELECT
10uF
20.00% 50V
C321
1-126-963-11
ELECT
4.7uF
20.00% 50V
C329
1-126-962-11
ELECT
3.3uF
20.00% 50V
C401
1-126-965-91
ELECT
22uF
20.00% 50V
C404
1-126-965-91
ELECT
22uF
20.00% 50V
C405
1-126-947-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 10V
C407
1-126-964-11
ELECT
10uF
20.00% 50V
C501
1-104-665-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 10V
C502
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C503
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C504
1-104-665-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 10V
C505
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C510
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C512
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C514
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C516
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C518
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C520
1-110-489-11
CAPACITOR
1F
5.5V
C521
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C530
1-136-165-00
MYLAR
0.1uF
5.00%
50V
C531
1-126-933-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 16V
C532
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C534
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C540
1-136-165-00
MYLAR
0.1uF
5.00%
50V
C541
1-126-933-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 16V
C542
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C544
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C550
1-136-173-00
MYLAR
0.47uF
5.00%
50V
C551
1-136-173-00
MYLAR
0.47uF
5.00%
50V
C552
1-109-953-11
ELECT
2.2uF
20.00% 50V
C553
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C554
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C555
1-164-159-11
CERAMIC
0.1uF
50V
C559
1-126-967-11
ELECT
47uF
20.00% 50V
C560
1-136-173-00
MYLAR
0.47uF
5.00%
50V
C591
1-104-665-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 10V
C592
1-104-665-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 10V
C720
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C730
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C740
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C750
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C760
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C913
1-126-768-11
ELECT
2200uF
20.00% 16V
C914
1-126-768-11
ELECT
2200uF
20.00% 16V
C915
1-126-933-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 16V
C917
1-126-935-11
ELECT
470uF
20.00% 10V
C923
1-126-768-11
ELECT
2200uF
20.00% 16V
C924
1-126-768-11
ELECT
2200uF
20.00% 16V
C925
1-126-933-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 16V
C926
1-126-933-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 16V
C927
1-126-935-11
ELECT
470uF
20.00% 10V
C928
1-126-935-11
ELECT
470uF
20.00% 10V
C933
1-126-933-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 16V
C936
1-126-963-11
ELECT
4.7uF
20.00% 50V
C938
1-126-935-11
ELECT
470uF
20.00% 16V
C939
1-126-963-11
ELECT
4.7uF
20.00% 50V
C940
1-128-576-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 63V
C941
1-126-948-11
ELECT
100uF
20.00% 35V
< CONNECTOR >
CN501
1-784-784-11
CONNECTOR, FFC 23P
CN502
1-568-838-11
CONNECTOR, FFC 21P
CN503
1-568-955-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 6P
CN504
1-506-469-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 4P
CN505
1-506-469-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 4P
* CN506
1-564-518-11
PLUG, CONNECTOR 3P
* CN507
1-568-934-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 7P
* CN508
1-506-469-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 4P
* CN509
1-506-469-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 4P
CN510
1-564-509-11
PLUG, CONNECTOR 6P
* CN511
1-568-935-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 8P
* CN901
1-564-511-11
PLUG, CONNECTOR 8P
* CN902
1-564-508-11
PLUG, CONNECTOR 5P
CN903
1-564-507-11
PLUG, CONNECTOR 4P
< DIODE >
D325
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D327
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D329
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D425
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D501
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D521
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D550
8-719-110-36
DIODE   RD13ES-T2B2
D940
8-719-024-99
DIODE   11ES2-NTA2B
D941
8-719-110-72
DIODE   RD30ES-T2B2
D942
8-719-109-93
DIODE   RD6.2ES-T2B2
< IC >
IC302
8-759-634-51
IC   NJM4558D
IC401
8-759-634-51
IC   NJM4558D
IC402
8-759-634-51
IC   NJM4558D
IC501
6-801-210-01
IC   MN101C49GSA
IC504
8-759-463-99
IC   M5M5256DFP-70XL
IC505
8-759-822-38
IC   LA6510
IC506
8-759-822-38
IC   LA6510
IC910
8-759-094-53
IC   TA7805S(LBSONY)
IC920
8-759-605-00
IC   TA7807S(LBSONY)
IC921
8-759-094-53
IC   TA7805S(LBSONY)
IC930
8-759-173-39
IC   NJU7201L50-T3
IC931
8-759-821-93
IC   LA5601
LED
MAIN
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 69

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
69
CDP-CX355
< TRANSISTOR >
Q321
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q322
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q323
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q324
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q325
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q326
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q327
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q328
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q329
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q421
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q422
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q423
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q424
8-729-141-26
TRANSISTOR
2SC3622ATP-LK
Q425
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q426
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q521
8-729-030-08
TRANSISTOR
DTC144VSA-TP
Q550
8-729-900-89
TRANSISTOR
BA1L4M-TP
Q551
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q552
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q559
8-729-620-05
TRANSISTOR
2SC2603TP-EF
Q560
8-729-900-89
TRANSISTOR
BA1L4M-TP
Q561
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q562
8-729-900-65
TRANSISTOR
BN1L4M-TP
Q570
8-729-116-02
TRANSISTOR
BA1A4M-TP
Q571
8-729-116-02
TRANSISTOR
BA1A4M-TP
Q572
8-729-422-57
TRANSISTOR
BN1A4M-TP
Q573
8-729-422-57
TRANSISTOR
BN1A4M-TP
Q574
8-729-422-57
TRANSISTOR
BN1A4M-TP
Q576
8-729-422-57
TRANSISTOR
BN1A4M-TP
Q940
8-729-140-97
TRANSISTOR
2SB734-T-34
< RESISTOR >
R1
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R301
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R302
1-249-419-11
CARBON
1.5K
5%
1/4W
F
R303
1-249-419-11
CARBON
1.5K
5%
1/4W
F
R304
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R305
1-249-428-11
CARBON
8.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R306
1-247-895-00
CARBON
470K
5%
1/4W
R307
1-249-420-11
CARBON
1.8K
5%
1/4W
F
R308
1-249-428-11
CARBON
8.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R309
1-249-415-11
CARBON
680
5%
1/4W
F
R310
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R311
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R312
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R313
1-247-887-00
CARBON
220K
5%
1/4W
R314
1-249-409-11
CARBON
220
5%
1/4W
F
R315
1-249-409-11
CARBON
220
5%
1/4W
F
R316
1-249-393-11
CARBON
10
5%
1/4W
F
R317
1-249-428-11
CARBON
8.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R321
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R322
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R323
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R324
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R325
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R326
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R327
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R328
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R329
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R401
1-249-433-11
CARBON
22K
5%
1/4W
R402
1-249-419-11
CARBON
1.5K
5%
1/4W
F
R403
1-249-419-11
CARBON
1.5K
5%
1/4W
F
R404
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R405
1-249-428-11
CARBON
8.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R406
1-247-895-00
CARBON
470K
5%
1/4W
R407
1-249-420-11
CARBON
1.8K
5%
1/4W
F
R408
1-249-428-11
CARBON
8.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R409
1-249-415-11
CARBON
680
5%
1/4W
F
R410
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R411
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R412
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R413
1-247-887-00
CARBON
220K
5%
1/4W
R414
1-249-409-11
CARBON
220
5%
1/4W
F
R415
1-249-409-11
CARBON
220
5%
1/4W
F
R416
1-249-393-11
CARBON
10
5%
1/4W
F
R417
1-249-428-11
CARBON
8.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R421
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R422
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R423
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R424
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R425
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R426
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R501
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R502
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R503
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R504
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R505
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R506
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R507
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R508
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R509
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R510
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R516
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R517
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R518
1-249-437-11
CARBON
47K
5%
1/4W
R520
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R521
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R522
1-249-403-11
CARBON
68
5%
1/4W
F
R523
1-249-403-11
CARBON
68
5%
1/4W
F
R530
1-247-860-11
CARBON
16K
5%
1/4W
R531
1-247-885-00
CARBON
180K
5%
1/4W
R532
1-247-885-00
CARBON
180K
5%
1/4W
R533
1-247-883-00
CARBON
150K
5%
1/4W
R534
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R535
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R536
1-249-393-11
CARBON
10
5%
1/4W
F
R537
1-249-431-11
CARBON
15K
5%
1/4W
R540
1-247-860-11
CARBON
16K
5%
1/4W
R541
1-247-885-00
CARBON
180K
5%
1/4W
R542
1-247-885-00
CARBON
180K
5%
1/4W
R543
1-247-883-00
CARBON
150K
5%
1/4W
R544
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
MAIN
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 70

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
70
CDP-CX355
R545
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R546
1-249-393-11
CARBON
10
5%
1/4W
F
R547
1-249-431-11
CARBON
15K
5%
1/4W
R550
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R551
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R552
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R553
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R554
1-247-883-00
CARBON
150K
5%
1/4W
R555
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R556
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R557
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R558
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R559
1-249-419-11
CARBON
1.5K
5%
1/4W
F
R560
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R561
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R562
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
R563
1-249-441-11
CARBON
100K
5%
1/4W
R564
1-247-883-00
CARBON
150K
5%
1/4W
R565
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R566
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R567
1-249-382-11
CARBON
1.2
5%
1/6W
F
R569
1-249-419-11
CARBON
1.5K
5%
1/4W
F
R570
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R571
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R591
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R592
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R593
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R594
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R595
1-247-807-31
CARBON
100
5%
1/4W
R720
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R730
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R740
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R750
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R760
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R940
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
R941
1-249-425-11
CARBON
4.7K
5%
1/4W
F
< VARIABLE RESISTOR >
RV501
1-241-786-11
RES, ADJ, CARBON 22K
< VIBRATOR >
X501
1-579-175-11
VIBRATOR, CERAMIC (10MHz)
**************************************************************
1-672-638-11
POWER BOARD
*************
< CAPACITOR >
0C901
1-113-925-11
CERAMIC
0.01uF
20.00% 250V
C910
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C911
1-126-767-11
ELECT
1000uF
20.00% 16V
C912
1-126-767-11
ELECT
1000uF
20.00% 16V
C920
1-161-494-00
CERAMIC
0.022uF
25V
C921
1-126-767-11
ELECT
1000uF
20.00% 16V
C922
1-126-767-11
ELECT
1000uF
20.00% 16V
C932
1-126-936-11
ELECT
3300uF
20.00% 16V
C937
1-126-960-11
ELECT
1uF
20.00% 50V
< CONNECTOR >
* CN991
1-580-230-11
PIN, CONNECTOR (PC BOARD) 2P
< DIODE >
D901
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D910
8-719-024-99
DIODE   11ES2-NTA2B
D911
8-719-024-99
DIODE   11ES2-NTA2B
D912
8-719-024-99
DIODE   11ES2-NTA2B
D913
8-719-024-99
DIODE   11ES2-NTA2B
D920
8-719-200-77
DIODE   10E2N-TA2B
D921
8-719-200-77
DIODE   10E2N-TA2B
D922
8-719-200-77
DIODE   10E2N-TA2B
D923
8-719-200-77
DIODE   10E2N-TA2B
D930
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D931
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
D932
8-719-210-21
DIODE   11EQS04-TA2B
D933
8-719-210-21
DIODE   11EQS04-TA2B
D934
8-719-210-21
DIODE   11EQS04-TA2B
D935
8-719-210-21
DIODE   11EQS04-TA2B
D939
8-719-911-19
DIODE   1SS133T-72
< GROUND TERMINAL >
EB1
1-537-770-21
TERMINAL BOARD, GROUND
EB2
1-537-770-21
TERMINAL BOARD, GROUND
< LINE FILTER >
0L901
1-424-485-11
FILTER, LINE
< TRANSISTOR >
Q930
8-729-620-05
TRANSISTOR
2SC2603TP-EF
< RESISTOR >
R930
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R931
1-249-421-11
CARBON
2.2K
5%
1/4W
F
R933
1-249-429-11
CARBON
10K
5%
1/4W
R934
1-249-417-11
CARBON
1K
5%
1/4W
F
< RELAY >
0RY901
1-755-299-11
RELAY
**************************************************************
MAIN
POWER
The components identified by
mark 0 or dotted line with mark
0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number
specified.
Les composants identifiés par
une marque 0 sont critiques
pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une
pièce portant le numéro spécifié.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 71

Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
Ref. No.
Part No.
Description
Remarks
71
CDP-CX355
1-672-639-11
T.SENS BOARD
************
< CONNECTOR >
* CN81
1-506-486-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 7P
CN82
1-506-481-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 2P
CN83
1-506-481-11
PIN, CONNECTOR 2P
< PHOTO INTERRUPTER >
IC81
8-749-924-18
PHOTO INTERRUPTER RPI-1391
 (TABLE SENSOR)
IC82
8-749-924-18
PHOTO INTERRUPTER RPI-1391
 (TABLE SENSOR)
IC83
8-749-924-18
PHOTO INTERRUPTER RPI-1391
 (TABLE SENSOR)
IC84
8-749-924-18
PHOTO INTERRUPTER RPI-1391
 (TABLE SENSOR)
< RESISTOR >
R81
1-249-416-11
CARBON
820
5%
1/4W
F
R82
1-249-416-11
CARBON
820
5%
1/4W
F
R83
1-249-416-11
CARBON
820
5%
1/4W
F
R84
1-249-416-11
CARBON
820
5%
1/4W
F
R85
1-249-415-11
CARBON
680
5%
1/4W
F
**************************************************************
MISCELLANEOUS
***************
7
1-790-420-12
WIRE (FLAT TYPE) (21 CORE)
8
1-773-183-11
WIRE (FLAT TYPE) (23 CORE)
301
1-792-024-11
WIRE (FLAT TYPE) (16 CORE)
0304
A-3328-818-A OPTICAL PICK-UP KSM-213BFN/C2NP
0CNP901 1-696-845-11
CORD, POWER (AUS)
0CNP901 1-777-071-61
CORD, POWER (UK, AEP, SP)
0CNP901 1-783-531-31
CORD, POWER (CND,E,US)
0FL701
1-517-861-11
INDICATOR TUBE, FLUORESCENT
M81
A-4672-675-A MOTOR ASSY (TABLE)
M82
A-4672-675-A MOTOR ASSY (LOADING)
M83
X-4950-062-1
MOTOR ASSY (DOOR)
0T901
1-433-666-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (SUB) (CND, E, US)
0T901
1-433-668-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (SUB) (UK, AEP, SP)
0T901
1-433-877-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (SUB) (AUS)
0T902
1-433-663-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (MAIN) (CND, E, US)
0T902
1-433-665-11
TRANSFORMER, POWER (MAIN)
 (AUS, UK, AEP, SP)
**************************************************************
ACCESSORIES
************
1-418-419-11
REMOTE COMMANDER (RM-DX300)
1-558-271-11
CORD, CONNECTION
0
1-770-019-11
ADAPTOR, CONVERSION PLUG 3P (UK)
3-866-670-11
MANUAL,COMMONNESS INSTRUCTION
 (FOR CONTROL A1) (ENGLISH) (AUS, UK, US)
3-866-670-21
MANUAL,COMMONNESS INSTRUCTION
 (FOR CONTROL A1)
 (ENGLISH, FRENCH, GERMAN, SPANISH, DUTCH, PORTUGUESE,
SWEDISH, ITALIAN, CHINESE)
 (CND, AEP, E, SP)
4-238-111-11
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (ENGLISH) (AUS, US)
4-238-111-21
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (ENGLISH, FRENCH)
 (CND, UK, AEP, E, SP)
4-238-111-31
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION
 (GERMAN, SPANISH, DUTCH) (AEP, E)
4-238-111-41
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION
 (SWEDISH, ITALIAN, POLISH) (AEP)
4-238-111-51
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (CHINESE) (E, SP)
4-238-111-61
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (DANISH, FINNISH)
(AEP)
4-238-111-71
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (PORTUGUESE) (AEP)
4-239-580-11
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (GREEK) (AEP)
4-239-580-21
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (HUNGARIAN, CZECH)
(AEP)
4-239-580-31
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (TURKISH) (AEP)
4-239-580-41
MANUAL, INSTRUCTION (SLOVAK) (AEP)
4-981-643-01
COVER, BATTERY (FOR RM-DX300)
**************************************************************
T. SENS
The components identified by
mark 0 or dotted line with mark
0 are critical for safety.
Replace only with part number
specified.
Les composants identifiés par
une marque 0 sont critiques
pour la sécurité.
Ne les remplacer que par une
pièce portant le numéro spécifié.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 


### Page 72

CDP-CX355
REVISION  HISTORY
Clicking the version allows you to jump to the revised page.
Also, clicking the version at the upper right on the revised page allows you to jump to the next revised
page.
Ver.
Date
Description of Revision
1.0
2002.02
New
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com manuals search engine 
